Mother Daily Standup - April 16
VIEW RECORDING - 47 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/22wnE8SY1YUnjwgYVthsxcxTXPsrc2i6

---

0:00 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Is it 08? Is it 08?

0:03 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  How do you pronounce that?

0:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I don't know. He might be offline today because it's Easter. And I think it's beginning in Romania, so. Oh, okay.

0:15 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So, good, good, good. Yeah. Yeah, actually, there is, just as a side note, there is this 501c, which is a type of tax corporation.  So it's considered a church that's, this is Denver, so it's down the street, it's called the Church of Cannabis, and Easter falls on 420 this year, so it's like a big, big, huge event, just, I don't know why I said that, but that just reminded me of this topic of conversation.  So, anyway, and I would assume everyone would guess what time services start. Thank So anyway, with that, welcome, everyone.  Just dive in. So I've not spoken with Matt yet because he's traveling back from Korea, from what I understand, back to the U.S.  like today, yesterday, today or something like that. So he said that he was going to be offline. I posted a brief message in the All-Mother Slack panel saying that we should all talk.  And I've also been chatting with Billy from Intuition. And I know, just remembering now, we had some deliverables today, but Zero Eight's not here in terms of potential grant listing participants and also just trying to get that requirement for the, if we were to launch just the MUD.  or agent in the mother discord, what type of things we could need in terms of assistance from agents. So we can talk about that.  I did start formulating kind of a strategy based off of what my conversation over the weekend, or I think it was Monday night my time with Matt, with regards to how could mother be a domain in Gaia.  And I also fleshed out a little bit more in terms of what I thought that token mechanism, just so that we were clear on the token design of mother as well.  So there are a couple of things that I've done. I just wanted to also acknowledge the, just talking off the top of my head, the things that we talked about yesterday.  So I don't know what order we want to discuss this or. Or if we wanted to ask questions, or if there are other updates as well.

3:06 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I had one question, like, just in the Mother AI ecosystem telegram, there's somebody asking about funding, like, from Red Beard Ventures.  Yeah. I don't know if that falls into, like, what we're talking about and if that's how serious it is to take.  Yeah, yeah.

3:33 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So we should try and get someone to follow up there. I know Drew from Red Beard. I actually know him pretty well.  So I can follow up there. You know, I don't know who that person is that's chatted in that mother telegram.  You always have to be a little dubious and be careful when people ask to get on Zoom and all of that.  There's actually... It is a bug or what Zoom would call a feature that allows, if you share your screen, you automatically give control of your computer to that other person.  So, you know, there's all these scammers wanting to Zoom with you all the time. So that's something. So I'm going to just talk with Drew and verify that person actually works for RedBeer first.  I know that Coach J tried to also fill out that Polygon grant form, but it seemed like the cutoff was too late or Coach J got that information too late.  So if it was a day earlier, maybe we had a chance, but, you know, oh, well. So I just wanted to kind of give this kind of latest update because it's the middle of the week.  And I I'm hoping to come up with a new reset strategy by the end of the week. And I think I'm starting to get there, but I have a bunch of these.  I have non-sequitur, non-related thoughts kind of in my mind, and it's really hard for me to articulate it right now because they're all kind of not fully formed yet.

5:15 - Alex Lumley
  So, James, maybe the most helpful thing for you and for everyone would be if just spent a few minutes trying to pitch to us and we can just play a little bit of a Socratic type of approach to try to help you clarify some of those things.  Yeah, sure.

5:32 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay. So there's a bunch of different kind of reasons for this reset that I'm trying to – it's a multidimensional problem that I'm trying to, like, hold in my head all at the same time to make sure that they all integrate.  So I will start with first who I think we could use as core project contributors to. go. this So I would say, one, it would be Collabland for the distribution and that North Star that I think we all kind of assume, if we get these agents in the registry, we can offer them distribution through Collabland, at least initial distribution through Collabland, which is a big user base, just to help kickstart the demand side.  So, you know, it's equivalent, Collabland, I would say, this is not an accurate analogy, but with Uber, they started with black cars first, because these black cars were professional drivers, and they had this off-time, and so these black car drivers would sign up for Uber and just make some extra income.  So, in a lot of ways, I would say that the Collabland tokenized communities are the black cars when it comes to distribution, because they're just sitting there, and they already have a token, they already know crypto, things like that.  So Collabland would be... One project that's part of this. Gaia would be another project. And based off of my conversation with Matt, what we can do is have a mother agent or mother domain be the orchestrator agent.  Now, this orchestrator agent can be used with the mother registry, but the mother registry is not limited to this mother agent.  So this is how Gaia could actually help out here as well. Because agents are going to most likely use Google's ATA and Anthropics MCP.  So there's just going to be this open registry that we'll have. And the curated registry is something that would come later on when we have the token.  But Gaia then would help bootstrap just like Collabland is helping bootstrap with this mother orchestrator agent. So there's Collabland.  This guy, there's intuition. Intuition serves as the graph, the social graph here, because it needs to be decentralized. So intuition has this like concept of a social graph that's on chain.  So we'd use intuition. We also use and bootstrap this with Nevermind. Nevermind is a payment rail for these agents.  And I've been talking with Don from Nevermind. He recently had this new calculator to make payments easy for agent to agent payment.  And then we would also use potentially later down the line recall so that you can have encrypted shared memory.  So all of these participants are already known and we've already all been working together. The one project that we would take off the list would be lit protocol because they haven't been contributed.  See you They helped start like in January, but David and Lit, they've kind of pivoted toward this, their own version of the agent kit, which they call Vincent, that they're heavily promoting right now.  So we would pick Lit off the table. So it would be these core projects that would serve as the foundation of MOTHER in terms of this consortium.  Now, what is MOTHER? MOTHER is going to be a curated registry. And I'll pause there just to see if there's questions and which route do we want to go in?  I can talk about the mechanism design. I can talk about go to market strategy. can talk about different aspects, different dimensions of this.

9:46 - Alex Lumley
  What I propose, James, is that maybe you just start by saying all of the dimensions or perspectives and just get them off your mind.  I'm going to make like a free form here and I'll just take some notes of it. So at least you get them all out and then we can figure out which way to go.

10:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay, so I'll talk about the mechanism design of the token eventually, because I think that is what is going to be the shelling point for everyone.  So just to give some context, I helped write a white paper back in 2017 for token-created registries. So a lot of this actually, I can give references to past work and papers that I've worked on.  Oh, Alex, you have your address? You're on mute. Oh, you don't have your address. Oh, okay, I'm just going to continue going.  Okay, so the mechanism design of the token is that you have these ABS validators. They've already stayed on eigenlayer.  And what they're looking to do is use the Staked ETH, and the staked ETH is what secures the AVS network.  So there is already, from Eigenlayer, an economic incentive and security. Now, these AVS operators would verify the KPIs from agents in the registry.  Now, why would they do that, and what do they earn? They are the ones that are quote-unquote mining Mother Token.  So they are the only ones that get Mother Token for free, for the work that they're doing. And then, based off of the Mother Token, they're going to sell that Mother Token onto the open market.  And so that's how they make money. So it's just like Bitcoin or Ethereum, where you have these miners come in, do some work, and then they get paid in Bitcoin or they get paid in ETH, right?  So either proof-of-work or proof-of-stake. So this is proof-of-verification. So they are already using their staked ETH to be able.  To spin up a mother AVS, and then they get rewarded for that based off of the verification that they've done.  So they're doing work, and then they're hoping that that work is going to be less than the cost of mother token that they get for free, that they're going to sell onto the open market.  Where does the demand for this mother token come from? That demand comes from these agent devs that want to be in the registry.  So the agent devs purchase mother token and use that mother token as stake to be in the registry. If these agent devs unstake their mother token, they're off the registry.  Now, just because they've staked their mother token doesn't mean that they're automatically in the registry. The staking of the mother token is a prerequisite to be in the closed registry.  These days. DAO members also will use Mother Token, and the amount of Mother Token that they have gives them the voting power.  So anyone can be in the Mother DAO. The Mother DAO votes for these agents to be in the registry or not.  They will then be able to get the verification from the AVS operators whether or not to delist those agents or not.  So that is the full system when it comes to the Mother Token. So there's no rev share. There's nothing.  What I liken this to is there is a registry. It's open. There's a subset of that registry that's curated.  That curated registry costs money to get into. And it's the market price of the Mother Token to be in the registry.  This is very. Very similar to Google. Google crawls the web, right, and it uses PageRank algorithm. Google does not get paid from these websites at all, right, to be listed in Google.  That's not up to the websites themselves. Google's business model is AdWords. AdWords is an open marketplace for keywords that you search on.  This is the whole SEO, right? And Google then uses AdWords, and the revenue from AdWords helps fund Google's business, which is one of the most profitable businesses in the world, right, to show you these little, you know, sponsored links.  So, what we're doing is instead of using fiat and an open market based off of the price of these keywords, we are using MotherToken.  to to So, when do, is the actual able to have agent devs market or advertise into this curated registry.  So I'll pause there if people have any questions with regards to that. This is how the revenue of the agents.  So like when Amazon is an e-commerce site and early days Amazon used to be ranked in Google but that doesn't mean Google gets any of that rev share from or affiliate fees from Amazon at all.  But if a bookseller wanted to advertise keywords in AdWords they would advertise on Google. So what we're building here because the difference when you look at it websites data is free.  So advertising is what it runs the internet. So you Right now, because it actually is this kind of roadblock, ads are roadblocks into what you want to search for as an end user in terms of data.  Agents are different because agents, you need to pay agents for work to be done. Right. So that's why the advertising model doesn't work in an agentic Internet.  Because you are asking an agent to do work for you and that should cost some money. Right. So this agentic Internet is not advertising based.  This agentic Internet is revenue based. This is why you have Cursor, Windsurf, OpenAI, Gemini, Claude, you have to sign up for these SaaS-based businesses.  You may be able to get some things for free, but it's very much handicapped. It's a kind of freemium model.  Agents may have a freemium model. trend we is But at the end, right now, all these model providers, they actually require revenue in order to run.  They're not advertising-based. Does that make sense? So I'm trying to go from first principles here of why the mechanism design for mother needs to be separate from, like, the revenue that the agents make.

17:28 - Alex Lumley
  And to try to just say it back to you, so the revenue that the agents make is, like, the value, like, there's two different functions that are being done.  One is we aren't transacting value or revenue for the work being done, right? A separate one is the curation of the registry, and that's the mechanism design part that you were talking about, right, the ABS and the validation and everything.

17:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, so that's why the ABS value, or the ABS operator. If getting mother and selling it to these agent devs, it really depends on the level of curation.  So I'm an agent dev. I'm going to want to be in this curated registry because the amount of mother that I'm staking to be in the curated registry is probably going to be less than the money I would make because I'm going to be able to generate more revenue.  because I'm on this list. Like this is where it's like a company being listed IPO wise on NYSE or NASDAQ.  And mother wants to be the global New York Stock Exchange listing service. It wants to be the mother wants to be the premier listing service.  There's going to be other curated registries, but we want to be because we have a first. Mover advantage. We want to be the first and the best one.  So this is where value will accrue to mother because agent devs, because we're the first one, and because we'll have this initial distribution from Collabland, we'll have the best market for these agent devs.

19:22 - Alex Lumley
  So we kind of broke it out into the curation mechanism design and the revenue or payments for transactions or actions or something, right?  You said you had a whole bunch of other things you want to list off all those other items that you had because you've talked about the teams as well and the restart.

19:41 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I just want to, because they all are interdependent, I just want to make sure that we understand, like, there's no revenue accrual to the mother token from these agent transactions, right?  For the mother token.

20:04 - Alex Lumley
  I mean, there isn't any right now. There could be in the future because if we get revenue, can always buy back the token.  We can always do whatever, but there isn't any immediately, right? If mother's taking a cut of the revenue for the transaction, it's not immediately going back to the token, but there could be in the future, right?

20:24 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So there's a difference between the mother token and the mother orchestration agent. Yep. So the mother orchestration agent, where we came up with this fast track program, allows the mother agent to then accrue fees, right?  But those fees, like you said, Alex, are not tied to the mother token. They can in the future. But let's keep the design separate.  So the mother token does not accrue any value from revenue. or transaction fees, but the mother orchestration agent can.  Now, there's a difference between being in the open registry and being in the curated registry. The mother agent will most likely just use services from the curated registry, but it doesn't have to at the beginning because we don't have the voting token be in the curated registry just yet.  So there's a bootstrap phase where we get as many agents and we can help register them on the open registry.  And the mother agent can't be a domain within the Gaia network, right? And now the mother agent now can get a little bit of a transaction fee.  But the steady state of the mother registry is anyone can look at that registry for free. Like anyone can go and get Google search results for free.  Right? And anyone can choose, based off of Signal, to use the agents in the closed registry, but the mother agent is separate from that.  The mother agent itself is a domain in Gaia, and the mother orchestrator agent will most likely use a closed registry, but it could start using the open registry as well.  Before the curation and before the TGE happens. So just want to make sure that that's clear. So now, for the bootstrap phase in this FastTrack program, you as an agent dev don't have to be part or stake mother token, because we don't have the ABS service running yet.  You can be part as. Agent Dev in this open registry, Mother could actually interact and will hold the funds for you, and it will split.  Mother orchestrator agent can split the transaction fee with these other agents as we go from an open registry into a curated registry.  And we can help provide the agents in the closed registry because we are just handpicking some of the agents in the open registry, and we're through the Mother orchestrator agent, which is a Gaia domain, could actually interact and exchange value, and if these agent devs for right now, they don't have payment rails.  So A2A and MCP have no idea about crypto and really have no opinion on payment at all. And this is where the mother orchestrator agent is, and through, and so one actual other project that I didn't mention, which is MetaMask, through the delegation toolkit, we can hold these delegations on behalf of these agent devs, where they actually can cash out these delegations.  So that helps get demand for agents to be in this open registry. So there's an open registry, and then there's a closed registry.  The closed registry has the mother token design mechanism, which accrues value based off how well the registry is. But there's a bootstrap phase in terms of the open registry and the mother orchestrator agent being able to go and ping these other agents.  And then the mother orchestrator agent, because in the, the, like, mother discord, they can. Pay for it right now with SEAT tokens, but we can easily change that to USDC or any other arbitrary token.  So now these agent devs can earn money through this distribution through CollabLAN, which starts first in the mother Discord server.  And we start testing it out, and then we can branch that out to other CollabLAN managed Discord, Telegram, or even on X.  There's an incentive for RedShare, and this is why the agent devs would want to flop to the mother open registry, because they have an opportunity without having to do any work or integration work and just receive money.  And this is how we can have a mother orchestrator agent be a domain. That's how we can And this is why Gaia is part of Mother, but this is only for kind of like bootstrapping the open registry into a closed registry.  So these are kind of my thoughts here as and how we'll shape the roadmap. What we've done so far with Mother in the project is we created this middleware for all the payments and the orchestration to happen.  So we already have done the hard work. What we're doing now is like taking a baby step to get that going.  So I'll pause there because this is highly conceptual and abstract. And so what that means from like a go to market strategy is we focus on the mother discord and we have to.  look little a March. And tell people, hey, you can hire agents right now, and then we get payment for them in seeds to test.  then quickly, once people, because people are not going to want to pay money initially, it's almost like a trial beta program.  This is our test net, if you will. And then, you know, you interact and all of that. And you, as a user, are going to want to—and this is where, like, the airdrop farmers come in—they're going to say, okay, I'm going to do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.  I want to do all this stuff, because they're going to go to a TGE. They're going to think that the interactions that they have lead to a TGE, which means free tokens as well.  So at TGE, a portion of the mother tokens go to airdrop farmers, go to agent devs that actually have fulfilled requests.  Because these agent devs that have actually— So money in this testnet program are going to use their airdrop mother to be part of the closed registry for free because they've taken an early shot at being in this open registry.  And then, but that's going to be a small portion of the TGE pool because you won't be able to, after the airdrop, earn mother token unless you're an AVS validator.

28:33 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So it really pays off to be, like, this is important for us, like, when we're talking to agents in these marketplaces, like, it's so, so interesting that we've, like, encountered, like, it's, like, unreal that we've encountered no's because, like, this is the time to get in.  Like, if your agent is ready to go, like, get in now because at some point it will become increasingly difficult and increasingly competitive to enter this.  Those registry, like there's going to be more at stake. That's right. Now all you need to do is just have like an MCP ready to go and, you know, an hour or two of development and like you're it, you're good to go and you can earn as well.  And that's why, Alex, there's so much like this. I think so much of this is like selling. Like we have to have the agent teams see the value, the future value in what mother's creating, because if they don't see it, they're just going to be like, well, these are stupid seeds.  They don't mean anything. But what they do mean is they do mean mother tokens for them. And those mother tokens are not only going to increase in value over time in a traditional way, but they're also their access to being part of the closed registry of very curated agents that will be used by, you know, up to 150 million users.  Alex is biting his lip in contemplation.

30:06 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And so there's a whole speculation aspect of this as well, right? As Coach Jay is mentioning, like if people believe that this registry will be well curated, then the demand for the mother token will increase and it's going to be harder to get into the registry.  So speculators are going to hold the mother token early on and then sell it later as the registry matures because the demand for mother token should increase.  But the increase is not just other people wanting the token like a meme coin. It's based off of the KPIs and just what you can see on chain in terms of the curation value of the DAO.  And that's a soft value that people will need to interpret however they want to interpret. But it has nothing to do with the revenue that's generated by the  The closed registry of agents at all, right? Like people want to be part of and be listed when their company goes IPO into the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE, that's like the premier stock exchange or NASDAQ, you know, depending East Coast, West Coast, at least that's my interpretation of it, right?  What we're doing is instead of it being centralized, it's decentralized. So you have this whole Wall Street underwriters, you have consultants, you have head fund managers that are buying and selling these shares in crypto, they're just tokens.  And the listing and the value to be listed in the registry is where the demand for a mother comes from.  The demand to be in the New York Stock Exchange is being . In this premier list, because a New York Stock Exchange is just a registry.  Who curates that registry? The people from New York Stock Exchange. They get money in other ways, right? These are the back end deals that are opaque, and you don't know why one company gets listed on another, and there's like process, formal processes for IPOs, underwriters, hedge fund managers, market makers, all of that.  This is just a decentralized listing. So mother as a registry actually can look like a tax for agents. There's no liquidity pool there.  There can be in the future. This is where like with intuition, and this is what Matt is talking about.  If you're in the mother registry, does it mean that you can't stake other ETHs or- And then we can have subsystems later on that through the mother orchestration agent could actually share proportional value with those that have staked on the intuition system.  So, for example, Coach J has a marketing agent that's in the curated registry. Right? Because Coach J has staked mother token.  And now the DAO says, okay, you know, whatever the KPIs, Coach J can show through some Twitter API that like his agent has gotten this amount of reach, for example.  Now, Alex can say, I want to stake my ETH onto Coach J's agent. But other people can stake ETH on there as well.  I'm And if the mother agent, which is outside of the mother registry, which is just the orchestrator agent, shares transaction fees with Coach J's marketing agent, then the proportional stake of other agents, like Alex is now staking one ETH, and that is like 50% of all the stake in ETH that Alex has put into Coach J's marketing agent.  And the transaction rev share from the orchestrator agent exceeds 0.5 ETH, then Alex gets that proportional share of that.  And that provides extra signal as well. So there's another speculation game that can be played outside of the mother registry.  Hold on one second, my son's asking. moreuf. And then, redidade. and To at doctor And I Thank you.

35:36 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Alex, when is a good time for us to sit together to check out the agents and maybe make the plan of, like, finding a middle ground about use cases that we need agents for and using the use agents that we have listed?  Yeah. Do you have any time after this?

35:58 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, we can.

35:59 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Make it bigger. Start the conversation. Yeah. Apologies. No worries. No worries.

36:05 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  There's a water guy that wants to come in, but my wife is sick, so he doesn't want to come in because he doesn't want to potentially catch what she has.  And so I had to reschedule with him. So I apologize. I lost my train of thought. We were talking about the seeds and the mechanisms of design.

36:23 - Alex Lumley
  And I know, James, that you, so you've talked about the curation mechanism design, and you've talked about the teams that are a part of the mother kind of collective and kind of what they'll do in a part of it.  Talked about what the test that TG and airdrop farmers. You've spoken about a to a payment rails, delegation toolkit, talk about this bootstrap phase, and even about Gaia and also how the revenue accrual is different.  Was there something, was there other things that you kind of had on the mind that you wanted to? Yeah.

36:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I think this is a time to strike because with Google's ATA and Anthropics MCP, These agents now can have a loose coordination.  There's no registry for them. There's no Google, like Google crawls the internet, right? And that's what Google's hoping with ATA, that they can crawl these agents.json file.  So what we're doing and the reason why it's time to strike now is we're not asking these agent devs to integrate with our starter kit.  All they need to do is integrate with what the industry now is moving toward, MCP and ATA. And we take those and we basically are handpicking.  It's almost like we're the Yahoo instead of the Google. We're the Yahoo of a registry right now. If remember Yahoo, they manually indexed all the websites.  And that's how we start. We're handpicking these agent devs with these relationships with agent devs. But all we're telling them is to like do Google and MCP.  That's it. That's it. Thank They need to do that anyway if they want to be discoverable. And we handpick them and we put them into the intuition open registry, and that's all they need to do.  If they want to get paid, then they would do further integration with Nevermind through this FastTrack program and the orchestrator agent.  This is how we bootstrap. This is where the steady state, the projects and protocols that we're working with Mother, how do we bootstrap that into the steady state?  These are the kind of the loose strategic ideas here and milestones on how we get there. Because the biggest problem that we have after the middleware is done is we still have this bootstrap issue.  How do we bootstrap this marketplace? And that's what I'm trying to now focus on is we have the middleware.  We know what that looks like. What we need to do is like focus on the go-to-market bootstrap phase, and we need to do it now.  So And the biggest issue was before these agent devs needed to integrate into the starter kit because there was no standard.  But within the last three or four months, MCP and ADA have come in, and that is like the industry standard.  So Google and Anthropoc have done us a huge favor, have given, just landed in our lab, this ability to not have to like sell agent devs on like integrating into a starter kit.  And then we'll, we'll be the yahoo right now of like, you know, people want to yahoo.com to like go and see where websites were because there's way too many websites.  The, the, the attack vector here for us, because we're crypto is we know that like web pages, which is data, anyone can look at for free.  The differences with agents, they're doing work for you. So you need. Be able to pay them. No one's going to offer free online hotel booking and all of that.  They're going to want to get paid for that work to be done. But there's a chicken or an egg.  They don't want to integrate into a payment system quite yet. So we're going to, through the mother orchestrator agent, be able to collect funds for them that they have rights to then take from.  Because we'll be that front facing orchestrator agent to help break this cold start to go to the egg problem.  And we do this through, right now, test net tokens or seeds. And the demand for people to use these agents are going to come from people speculating that they're going to think that these test net tokens and the interactions are going to lead to airdrops for them, which you know, you know, potentially happen later on.  Well, one second. Fathom, Jonathan, what do you guys think?

41:06 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, mean, like, the New York Stock Exchange example is kind of, like, the most clear for me.

41:12 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And that's why the real differentiator between us and every marketplace is that the curation aspect is what differentiates us.  Otherwise, if we don't, like, what we have right now with kind of, like, an open registry, we're essentially a marketplace.  So we're just, like, one of many and kind of the same. But once we get the token and start curating and people start staking and there's reputation there, then we're different because we're curating on – and people are literally staking their money on reputations.  My sense is that's the long-term difference.

41:48 - Alex Lumley
  The immediate short-term difference is that you can have a portal – you can have a Collabland portal to agents.  Like, instead of spending $500 on – Fast companies in your community, you can just use CollabLand to potentially get all of those.  Oh, yeah. You're thinking about the communities themselves.

42:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  What's our sell there? Instead of using Me6 and all these different Discord bots, you just install the CollabLand bot and you have access to 800 agents that can do a lot of the same thing that all your Discord bots are doing kind of thing.  Yeah, that's the value prop for communities you're kind of pointing to, right? Yeah, immediately.

42:24 - Alex Lumley
  Strong, strong value prop.

42:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

42:29 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So this is why CollabLand is interested in helping with the mother project because CollabLand is not going to vet all these agents.  Gaia is interested in this as well because Gaia domain will be the orchestrator agent that bootstraps this. CollabLand will be the first distribution partner to help bootstrap this network.  That brings in the supply, which are these agents. . .

43:05 - Alex Lumley
  So what I'm kind of hearing here is like, to me, if we're looking for an actual milestone, to me, it's like, I keep thinking in terms of communities rather than in terms of like number of agents, et cetera, but it's like something like five to 10 communities with three use cases that they would actually pay for, like three things that I actually want done.

43:24 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  But even before that, even before that, we have to generate demand within the mother discord ourselves to then sell to the three to five, right?  For sure. For sure.

43:35 - Alex Lumley
  And to me, it's like those like 10 or one, it's still kind of the same, like similar things. The use cases should probably be similar.  Um, and, and, and, and, and like in those three use cases and that's Natasha or Tosh, that's, that's what you and I can talk about.  My sense is, is that, um, the, the way to get there is because we have like. uh, uh, uh, uh,  Requirements to get there, have to have an orchestrator, and we have to have enough supply, and we have to have the use cases clear enough where people know they can actually interact with them.  The supply side, to me, we just have to figure out how to get one or two of these marketplaces in, whether it's near or probably near and Ola seems like the two closest ones.  Can we bring those two in? And then the use cases, that's Tosh and I can define that, make sure that we're going through and then iterate through talking to these communities and through Mother ourselves.  And the third thing about the orchestrator, that's the question of like, who's going to own the orchestration and making sure in the kind of that product side of all of it?  Is that, it sounds like James, you're architecting it. Is that Gaia? Is that another engineer? Is that someone else?  So that, to me, feels like that. Yeah, the Mother orchestrator agent is owned by Mother.

44:48 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay. Right. And it uses Gaia for its inference, and it also then uses CollabLand for the distribution. But it's owned by.  The separate bot owned by the mother DAO. Okay.

45:06 - Alex Lumley
  And to me, those like one or ten communities, all of that is before we even talk about token or anything like that.  It's like, if we can get from one to ten, that's like a good enough milestone, then we can figure out how to go from ten to a hundred.  But that's like a good enough milestone where it's like, we actually have something here, we could show a demo, we can get people excited.  That to me feels like the right milestone, like those two, one and ten. Yeah. Yeah.

45:32 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  We have to start somewhere. So we want to start with our own mother Discord, but trying to, as quickly as possible, use that as a reference implementation to sell to the first ten other communities.  Yep. That makes sense.

45:49 - Alex Lumley
  Cool. Any other, James, any other thoughts you wanted to get out about how I reset and do all this stuff?  Absolutely. Yeah. I have a lot of other thoughts, but they are actually...

45:59 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. actually... Second, third order effects in terms of a longer roadmap, but I just wanted us to kind of park right here then, and maybe this would be good enough because we're already 15 minutes over, and I have a lot of people in my house now trying to kind of coordinate, and my wife is sick, so, yeah, just scheduling that.

46:19 - Alex Lumley
  How can I or somebody, like, I'm happy to help you with this, like, what would be the best thing to help you with this?  Just take this document, have another call, start to structure some of it. What would be helpful for you? I'm just going to go after this meeting to Urgent Care, to, you know, my wife is sick, and then, like, when I come back, I'm, no, it's okay, when I come back, I think she's going to rest, so then I have free time this afternoon, if you want to, let's just coordinate on Telegram, or on, sounds good, cool, and then the, and then I'll let you go, the, the, other things I think are missing are, like, the, the funding, and then the agreements with the contributors, and then, like, I think those would be two things, but sounds good, man, we'll, we'll talk to you later.  Tosh, I'll send message. I think require me.

47:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Matt, and he's traveling back from Korea, so let's put that on pause for now until Matt comes back. want Matt to be part of that conversation.

47:09 - Alex Lumley
  Sure. Great. Awesome. Thanks. Sounds good.

47:14 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Thanks, everyone. Thank you. Bye-bye.
