Mother Daily Standup - May 05
VIEW RECORDING - 52 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/eW71Ayen7EsdxRwSxBrYxUzJ-7_cf4jE

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  All right. Let's kick it off. There was a lot of learning, actually. I'll just give you a status date over the weekend, and I've actually got a lot of insight in terms of just thinking about this kind of as a meta process, and it's really interesting.  I have kind of maybe overfitted a little bit in terms of what I am thinking based off of just the ideas that we had in terms of, you know, attention, context, and alignment or coordination.  And it actually follows a larger path that I've been looking at where, you know, there has been a lot of this interesting work just reflecting back on how OpenAI released with its pre-training.  They started. Q1 of 2022, I was doing just a little bit of historical context just to get some data points.  They released in Q1 of 2023, they refined, had other models in Q3 of 2023, and then in Q1 of this year, they actually introduced, like, this memory.  And that maps to what we're doing kind of at a group level, and really, the insight to me was that a lot of crypto is kind of stuck at these early phases, and what we're doing is actually a continuation that really has been insightful because, you know, I guess at a high level, I haven't had all my thoughts kind of articulated well, but, you know, in the beginning, we had these AIs.  When they first came out, they hallucinated a lot, and over time, as people refined them, they had new releases, new models, and then now you have memory, and now it's actually kind of more useful.  The way I see this mapping to, like, tokens is that you, or crypto, is that you have a lot of people invested in different projects.  Some of them you don't invest pre-project at all, they're just like meme coins. And then you have this token launch, and then what you see, 99% of all tokens, it's number go down, number down only.  And it's because the token actually, when you launch a token, it's just the beginning of attention. Price action provides attention.  And attention is all you need to start, but there isn't any cultivation afterwards. And what we see in AI is moving beyond just this like hallucination or this like, okay, it works, but it hallucinates.  It's not really useful. And that's what we see in tokens. And the way I map AI to crypto is that what we're doing here is we are allowing for post token launch.  How do you cultivate a community and keep it going? And this is where the quizzes and the polls and then the quests come in.  But all of this is really for token launch and not the continuation of a community. And what we're doing, I think, is this kind of mapping and I'm on a slide deck as well.  It's very messy right now, but I will share it when it gets to a good point. Where the kind of acronym that I have is carrot.  right. D-A-R-A-T. So you have context, and you have attention or awareness, and then you have refinement, and then you have alignment, and then the T is thrive, because I try to make an acronym out of it, but really, that part is that's where you get coordination.  D you get context, people want to do something together. You get attention by launching a token. You get refinement by that group or that community coming together, and like what we did at Mother, right, but this is all pre-token, where we try to align people together, and this is the refinement that we're working on, and people come in, come out, and now we're at a phase here with Mother, where I think we're honing in on alignment.  We're aligning, and this is the work. Once you get the community going, you start aligning them. And we're trying to then align it with the larger, broader community, but it's taken us months to really get to this point just as a core mother team.  And then from that alignment, you can have coordination and coordination reduction. And this is the optimizations and the tooling that we think AI will help us kind of automate the A in DAOs.  And I think the path that we've taken with regards to starting with our community and having first quizzes and then polls help with that alignment.  And then these quests also will help that come out of these polls and these quizzes. And then from there, we'll have these agents and automation, and that's the coordination reduction.  And that's kind of holistically, you know, I use the weekend to kind of reflect on just the broader AI, what we've been doing, kind of our initiative, and then us as just a project of mother.  Now, we're going on our fifth month now. So that said, I know, Alex, you had your hand raised.

6:09 - Alex Lumley
  I was going to say, like, I think your idea, you know, make sense. The one that I would say is, like, even if you check out the concept of a token out of it, at the end of the day, it's still around coordination of groups.  And it's almost like AI just ends up being an evolution of processes or systems that are created within communities and, like, ways of working, meaning, like, a lot of times in communities, see this where they say, okay, we're going have, like, rules of engagement, or here's how we're going to work, or here's the things that are going to happen.  AI is now just taking that and just evolving that. So now we're saying, you can now feed in the context, can feed in all these things to better set up those ways of working, so that you don't to continuously work on coordination.  You can do less of the coordination up front and just focus on kind of working that way. So I...  I totally agree with you, just a different way of kind of framing it or shaping it. No, I agree with you, too.

7:04 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I think that we have to kind of put our larger, we are remote first, online only. We might have met a lot of us at East Denver, but a lot of the work is all remote.  This is, as you were saying, Alex, in terms of using AI, it's just an enhanced amplification tool to help with that, that you don't have if you're in an office building, or you have daily meetings, or you have a hierarchy.  And so when you're consensus-driven, the AI is what we're trying to automate, because there's no one person, even with our mother AI, that is going to read all of the channels in Discord, right?  And then how to summarize all of that. So there is these optimizations, and this is what we're kind of leaning in on, is since we're online first, remote only.  Let's use these automations and technology, which AI fits in really well. That doesn't mean we can't have IRL events, but it's really our main organization is not IRL based.  So, yeah, I agree with you. The reason why I put in like tokens is what kind of is in my intuition I see is I don't know if you've been following what base and Jesse has been doing there.  They're like trying to launch content coins. All they're doing is trying to get awareness, but all the content coins number go down only.  Right. And so there's this apology tour that Jesse has gone on in the last week saying like, yeah, we don't.  We don't we haven't made a mistake. So they're not saying that they've made a mistake, but they're saying that content coins are just the beginning of how to tokenize.  And I think we are. Like up above them or that thinking, because we're trying to coordinate in a group where, like, I don't know if any of you went to Farcon in New York, but a lot of it is just really interesting because in the backdrop of Farcon, which was, I think, less than a couple hundred people, I know it's less than a thousand.  But when you compare that to Token 2049, Token 2049 had 250,000 people at that event in Dubai. So Warpcast or Farcaster had less than 1% of that.  And just getting a summation over the weekend in terms of what's the TLDR of Token 2049, the thing that people did not talk about was Ethereum.  That was missing from the conversation. The only time people were talking about Ethereum is like, where are the Ethereum devs going?  Which chain? Where are the Ethereum users Just going to. So it's in that context. And it's really interesting. So there's this kind of assumption bias or context that I have to update because I would actually label myself as a quote unquote ETH maxi.  But the notion is, is that Ethereum is now equivalent to IBM, know, Ethereum machines, IEM, where like IBM back in the day, like, you know, helped kick off the computer industry.  But then you had Microsoft, you had DOS, you had Compaq, you had all of the industry move on. IBM no longer led the way.  They're still important. And the adage is, or the catchphrase is, no one got fired for hiring IBM. So like, you'll be safe and you'll be okay dealing in Ethereum or the EVM.  But... But... It's like escape velocity. And so just coming to terms with that, it's kind of a reckoning. And I know that we're Ethereum-based and we're on base and all of that.  I think it's great. But I think we have to have this wider understanding of where the market is going as well.  I don't know how that fits into the context of what we're doing for Mother because I do think that we'll probably launch on EVM.  But that means we have to, I think, with the multi-agent systems, as we move forward, we have to be probably chain agnostic when it comes to these agents.  Is that right? Yeah, your hand raised.

11:40 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, I noticed like that's the new status quo, like anti-Ethereum. But I don't know if that's because like the price tank, just some perspective.  Like I've been speaking to a couple of like IT Maxis, like I did Bucharest. So teams like... From layer to beat and stuff like that, and they had a different perspective on why the price is tanking, because I feel the sentiment is fueled by the price, right?  Absolutely, 100%. So people are moving. So they actually told me because they spoke with a lot of investment companies, stuff like that, like hedge funds, and they said it's something because the companies had to justify, like profit.  So they had to show their shareholders they had like 5%, 10% like profits from, and that's why the each price tag so bad.  Like, I don't know if that's the actual reason, but just wanted to mention that. Like, I feel it's important.  Then also, the Lagrange founder like kind of resonated with what you said, like he said the main topic was AI and ZK.  Like, like, at the the Which begs the question, there are a lot of new chains, I don't know how to judge them technically, but socially they look good, there are a bunch of new chains, all EVM compatible I think, which are focused on AI, so should we, the question becomes should we also try to catch that train, because they may be more prone to grant us opportunities, like capital versus others.

13:33 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, I I propose that for those stuff, like we can start, we could start having those conversations and seeing what grants are out there and possible, but to me that's more of, that can come after we have like some initial kind of, kind of PMF, like we have, you know, 10 paying customers or like a good amount of people kind of doing some of those, because otherwise we're going to end up doing something purely for the grant.  And, We won't have as easy of a sale to kind of benefit unless we get a few grants that we can get quickly, which we kind of already checked out that doesn't seem like we can.  It seems like we almost have to go after revenue generating opportunities first. Some of the conversations we had on Friday at least.  Yeah, I think that is at a high level I agree with.

14:21 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  The tactic may change, and we're talking at different levels here. I resonate with what, Zeret, what you're saying, and Alex, what you're saying.  way I process this is that, yeah, AI at token 2049, it's not AI is coming. It's AI is here.  Is there PMF? Not quite yet. And I think for us, focusing on revenue is the driver. And I would be more specific than revenue.  I would be specific toward on-chain transaction volume. That is a driver. And that leads to revenue. Because we just get like a transaction fee.  So... It's driving toward a PMF, where in communities, people are actually doing things that cause on-chain transactions to occur.  So that shape informs what I'm doing with quizzes, what I'm doing with polls, and doing with quests. So whenever you do a quiz, you have to put in some money.  Whenever you take a quiz, like you can win something. It all has to be on-chain verifiable. And I think that is where we'll see, if we can do that, then we'll see that our thesis is true.  And then we go to these, all L1s, L2s, EVM base that will give us grants. Because at the core of it, we're just saying, we're just beginning to like drive transaction revenue through communities.  And I would say that when it comes to crypto in general and very well. You're saying about the price is down, and this is why there's this negative sentiment.  The price is down for E for a while, and price is attention. When the price goes up, people pay attention.  So if you have attention, and then you go further down the funnel, but you don't take care of attention, that you don't, and the flywheel afterwards, when it comes to refinement, when it comes to alignment, and when it comes to coordination, coordination should increase transaction volume.  If that doesn't feed back to the attention part at the higher part of the funnel, and it doesn't move the price, then you're going to lose people's attention.  So it's a stacking thing. And so this is why, like, all these meme coins and a lot of negative sentiment, from what I see is, people just...  All people are saying is crypto is all gambling, it's all like just speculation, and the name of the game when it comes to speculation is get into the token first, as soon as it gets attention, so you get the price to go up, when the attention wanes, price goes down, you need to get out before you lose your back, that's the name of crypto right now, because price is attention, and so 08, I think you're absolutely right, negative sentiment is due to low price for a long period of time, price is a signal of attention, and that's why you, in my perspective at token, people aren't talking about ETH, why?  Because the price is down, there's no attention there, and if you don't drive attention, you cannot continue to go up price, it actually correlates with the security of the chain.  If the price is... Going up, you don't have more holders. There's less things to secure. The price is actually a technical security feature of the chain.  That's why people are now like, for whatever reason, I don't know exactly why, but Bitcoin has now kind of broken through this kind of escape velocity, maybe because it's the oldest chain, maybe it's because of the US government and now being bullish about crypto or Bitcoin in general, but the price of Bitcoin causes attention.  That causes more people to build on Bitcoin. That causes more people to buy Bitcoin. The more people that buy Bitcoin increases the security of the chain.  There'll be more validators. So you cannot just say price down Bitcoin you know, the only reason why people aren't, you know, are leaving EAT.  It is, but it's a much deeper. And it has broader implication. If ETH goes down, you know, sub 500, the security of the chain is lost and there's less faith in the chain.  So you have to maintain price. And so this is how we when when we talk about what we're doing through communities, these communities are what's going to increase transaction volume.  That should increase the price in general. And it sounds like we are just catering to our mother AI discord, but it's a reference implementation.  If we can be successful there, then we can create a playbook for communities, more communities on a specific chain, increase the transaction volume of that chain, increase the price of the chain, increase the security of the chain.  So it's all kind of correlated together. And there's a kind of overall framework that I'm looking at to. Make all of this make sense, and that's kind of, you know, as I step back, take in FARCON, take in 2049, where ETH is at and what we're doing, and as we're moving forward, how I kind of am trying to piece this all together and connect the dots.  James, just to, I have to cut out, like, right on time today because I have a PT appointment.

20:23 - Alex Lumley
  Just, Coach J for, for your vacation, uh, 08, um, like, I think one of the big things we took out of, of Friday was this belief that, um, or kind of this, this agreement that there's kind of two different, um, surface areas of experiments are running at the same time.  One is the Mother AI Discord, um, and that's where we're really, really letting, uh, James lead the charge on, like, uh, how does he think, or, like, James lead the charge couple with, like, the community team to figure out, what do we think will grow the mother community, how can we do those, how can we, how can we, how can we implement, um, AI and have the orchestrator, and that's the reference.  The petri dish, if you will. And as I told James, I almost want to treat him like an artist and don't get in his way, but just enable him and help him with anything he needs to do to shape things, but just not get in his way for those sort of things because that can be the petri dish.  Then there's a second thing is like given kind of where we're at, like, how can we go and start understanding what other communities do?  And that's where Tosh and I can start to work about like doing a couple of things of really like solidifying the business model a little bit, working with CoUnity and structuring what are some of these implementations that we can get other communities to pay for.  And to be clear, when I say pay for, it's really more of like finding people who value what we're building because that'll reduce a lot of our risk.  And that's something that Tosh and had a call about it yesterday, or sorry, on Friday. And we're going to talk to CoUnity a little bit more to figure out how they can fit into all that.  But we're starting to work on the business model and then go into interviews and figure Now, where some of the opportunities are so we can work both sides, this Petri dish and also going and getting people to come in and try to pay or try to buy what we're building.  And the goal on this kind of validating the business model with existing communities is like, can we get people paying for this, what we're building sooner rather than later?  And to be clear, that's not ignoring what James talked about with transactions and all that, because my belief is like this paying for it is just a representation of value.  And then eventually we'll find the people, okay, how do we get them to have those transactions on chain, how do we do all those things?  But it's still just one part of that. Is that fair, James? Yeah, I think that I agree with that.

22:44 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And it's like we're doing things in parallel. And what I am actually thinking is that we have the mother token launch sooner than later.  And this is why, because you need that context. We have it. It's our core group, and awareness is the token launch, and this is why I'm tying it to crypto, but right after the token launch, if we don't want number to go down only, because that is 99% of all tokens, you have to follow it up, and this is the work that we're doing now.  It's almost like we're doing post-token launch community building, so that when the token launch happens, it's supported by things that we're building out now, the quizzes, the polls, and the quests, and that will lead to further alignment and the shaping of that community, right?  Right, so there is the context comes first, what we're building, we need to get awareness on that, the attention, so C is a context, A is attention, attention is a token launch, R is refinement, that's what we're doing now is that refinement, because we're testing it.  with a test token. And that will translate to actual token that has actual value. And then that refinement will lead, that R, refinement, leads to A, which is alignment.  And the community, as it aligns, will keep that token price up because the transaction volume is continuing to happen.  And then if we can keep that transaction volume happening, then we have coordination and we can coordinate. So what we're doing is kind of preemptively dealing with post-token launch things right now in the context of communities.  But I do think, and the reason why I'm connecting the dots based off of just crypto and tokens in general, is that people, all they do is they focus on the token launch.  And then you're like, all right, there's nothing after that, nothing sustainable after that. And that's what we're kind of figuring out.  And as soon as we have the transaction volume and we can kind of measure things and we have a better understanding of the quizzes, polls, and quests, then we have the token launch.  Because then we know we can support, once we have the attention, we can go to refinement and alignment. I see Tosh and Zeroy.

25:27 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So I'm, I'm not well versed in the three worlds, but I'm just thinking about what about if we did like a few clients beta testing our mother orchestrator before and kind of connect the token that you have the mother orchestrator in your community, like having the, like maybe you even have to, pay or stake in certain communities that have the mother orchestrator and.  And that would show the value, because the more communities that, like, kind of have a type of orchestrator, it's going to be Discord at the beginning, but maybe other channels in the future.  So that would keep the attention of the token in this ecosystem and keep the value up high, because if the orchestrators in different platforms are still being used, and there's a volume of on-chain actions that we can track, the value stays up.  Is that how I'm understanding it correctly? Yeah. Okay. That's right. That's right.

26:43 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  We don't know what that looks like yet, but that's right. That's kind of, once we have a token launch, that's going to acquire that initial attention, that attention needs to be sustained.  How is that attention going to be sustained? That's going to be through the mechanism. design of the mother token by other communities in line, and this is where the steady marketing campaign is, can we onboard more communities?  I don't know what the details look like, but in general, that, yes, is a pattern under this carrot framework.  Yes, you're right.

27:24 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  When you said launching the tokens sooner rather than later, like what would be the timeframe for it? Because like, usually, like these, if a coach would initiate a points campaign in which I would support him, like, usually it's in phases.  So it's one, the first phase, like it's just grabbing people's attention. then like second phase of that, like it's, it's just basically farming the farmers, which like we discussed in the previous calls would actually mean that we would have like higher chances.  So, of getting funding, right? Like, we had no users and attention, we would have higher chances of getting funding.  So, what are your thoughts on, like, timeline for launching?

28:11 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, I think it's unknown the actual date, but once we get the quizzes, polls, and quests in a place where we feel confident that we're sustaining our own community, we bring that out to other communities as a playbook, like Tosh was talking about.  Once we have that pipeline going, that's when we launch a token. We'll know. It's like, we'll all kind of understand, we'll know when it feels right.  Because then we know that once we launch a token, we can sustain that attention based off of the KPIs that we have.  And we have a pipeline of communities. That pipeline of communities is what's going to draw the agent devs to be part of the registry.  So, we're, like, on Friday, what we talked about is we flip it. So, we're not courting agent devs. We're not courting agent enough,  And telling the agent devs to bring in users, we have the users, that is our secret sauce, that background, back pocket thing with Collabaland, we can, we can then, we already have coordinated through Collabaland, millions of people, it's just this go to market strategy, the go to market strategy is how do we empower these other communities, we're going to dog food it first through the mother AI discord.  Once we dog food it through the mother AI discord, we are going to start spreading it to other communities that will then be in pipeline, once we have that, and they have confidence in what we're building, because we've proven it to ourselves first, then we launch a token, and then that mechanism design of the token will require these other communities that are buying in to then like stake the token or something like that, then, then we have sustainability.  So, it's just number go down. So, Because I think the focus everyone has is just token launches and then propping it up through speculation.  That's not what we're doing.

30:15 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, we all saw what happened with even the major layer 2s like CK, ARP, START, OB, the biggest ones just fell, especially because of that.  There's nothing you can do with the token launch. Yeah.

30:32 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  They had a token launch and then they're like, okay, we accumulated a lot of money. Let's do grants. And this is why they have DAOs to make it decentralized.  They have grants to get builders in so that builders build on this. What we're doing is really phoning in on like cultivating communities.  Why? Because we have access to the Collab land to thousands of communities and they are dying. in thevent. And so we're not saying that we are going to launch a token, have a grants program, because we're so great and shill and hype ourselves so that devs come in.  We're not in that playbook. We're not attracting devs. We have communities already. This is a completely different playbook. We have the communities.  Can we make the Mother AI Discord community thrive through on-chain transactions that are in chat? If we can do that and prove it to ourselves, we prove it to other communities.  They are coming in line, and that's going to, what they're doing is going to also help us increase transaction volume, right?  And then the L1s, L2s are like, wait, what are you guys doing here? We want to be part of that because we want, they're using developers to then take the responsibility to create the apps that drive us.  want the demand. Because of some new DeFi primitive, whatever it is, to bring in the users. What we're saying is we have the users, we're bringing on-chain revenue, transaction revenue, and then the devs are going to come.  We're a distribution channel through communities, and there might be DeFi communities, NFT communities, ERC-20 communities, and then we'll create more and more through agents the way for these communities to thrive.  So we're kind of taking it almost backwards because what is our core advantage? We have users. That's the missing gap that the chains don't have, that the devs don't have.

32:47 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  And we're testing this out.

32:50 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Oh, go ahead. Yeah, no worries.

32:53 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So I think that- so for us to get like a lot of attention in the Discord, we still need-  Like, a well-planned, like, point campaign, because, like, that's what will drive people. It won't retain them, only if it's well done, but, yeah, it's, um.

33:14 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I think it's not about the numbers in our mother discord. Our mother discord is just to show it as a showcase what happens, how it works.  So we don't, even, like, we don't need the huge numbers there first, we just need to dog food our own product, and we will notice when the product is ready, because the engagement will be high, the people actually interested in the project, and that we can showcase to others to maybe have the first five communities, and then we know it works, and then we would do the token launch, as I understand it.  Like, it doesn't, we don't need to farm people for our... our... Or have the farmers come in thousands in our Discord first.

34:07 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, just to play devil's advocate, what will make people use the product in our Discord?

34:25 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I think the key is that you can onboard users that are not in crypto. They just have to join a Discord, they'll have a smart account, they'll earn.  And so what we're doing is we're showing this onboarding. And so we removed the friction, getting a wallet, getting the native gas token.  We have these interactions that you can just stay in chat and you can tip each other, you can do raindrops, can do quizzes, you can do polls, you can do quests.  And that should try the on chat. And so this is unique, and this is what we're building at Collabaddin, we're augmenting it through Gaia, through Lit Protocol, through these other partners that we have to just increase that transaction volume.  So we need to show that we're growing transaction volumes steadily. And then we're helping solve this engagement within a community because these quizzes, polls, and these quests, all communities need to keep their community sustained.  And what happens is a lot of these communities, they go up and then they die out because they become a ghost town after the initial awareness of the token and the farming and everything has gone.  So we're trying to work on that right now. And we can show, if we can show with our new Mother AI Discord, a community from scratch that we're doing.  We're this and we're growing it and convince some other communities that they can revive or sustain their on-chain communities as well.  Then that gives us, and once we have confidence in that and we begin a playbook on that, then we can have a token launch and then we will get the attention.  It's really, really challenging to unlearn the kind of current state of the market, airdrop farmers, the current patterns that exist.  But we have to try and think about this with like a fresh mind and unlearn. That's why when you have early adopters, they get stuck because they think of the early adopters do all the technically hard things because they have just increased interest in it.  What we're at right now and what I've seen through just token 2049, and again, this is why I have to like try and take off my ETH hat.  Maybe there's... there's... Other L1s, other L2s in the state of AI that are tackling this without the baggage of years of being in crypto of how things have been done because we take that and we assume that is the base and then how do we move from there rather than like going, okay, there's new ways of interacting and being able to do this.  So when the car automobile first started, they're like, how is this going to help me with farming or how does this help me?  Because a horse is good enough. It's just a faster horse, but then you have freeways and highways and you have people moving into the city.  And I would say that the automobile and the industrial revolution, actually the technology and the innovation there change society.  Because we wouldn't have modern day cities if it wasn't for that technology, the train. The cars to happen, and that's why I think if you look historically, the modern city gave rise to modern education, right?  This is where it's like the goal before Industrial Revolution is to teach people, to train people. And this is just my kind of take on it.  Modern schooling is to teach people how to become good citizens, the rules of society. It's not about education. It's about socialization.  And that's why, at least here in the US, the American school system is, and then you talk about the privatization of the school system.  It's really interesting. And so you have to kind of unpack what you know about crypto now. Take, take it, but don't get stuck in the details because it's not about us cultivating our airdrop farmers.  It's actually... Actually increasing on-chain transactions through tipping, through raindrops, through quizzes, polls, and through quests, as we know now.  And then from there, other things will emerge that we don't see at the moment.

39:18 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, I totally agree. Like, I personally studied, like, I don't know, over 200, 300 Discord servers, like maybe 500 since I'm in Web3.  So, like, I know when they die, I know, I was just trying to say that's the best chance we can get to move fast, like, to get a lot of people's attention fast.  It shouldn't be, and I personally don't like it, because like, like you said, like, most of them die. Most communities that do survive are the ones that either have a lot of capital or manage to get a lot of partnerships with other projects that drop them broken.  So, that's the main fuel, like. Like, I don't know, mammals or food. Like, Celestian slots or like those types of communities.  Yeah.

40:05 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And we should incorporate those kind of strategies because people already know those strategies. How do we take them and modify them for what we're trying to do?  And maybe it is once we launch the book and we have a certain allocation to some of these communities to entice them to use the Mother Orchestrator agent.  There's different things that we can come up with there and try and take a good look and a fresh look.  But the base framework is the token is just how we begin to get attention. And then after that, this is what we're working on now.  How do we refine that to keep people's attention in those communities? And then we need these partnerships. We need these other communities to get on board.  I don't know exactly what that looks like right now, but this is just what I've been thinking about in my thoughts.  ... over the weekend that I wanted to just articulate. They're not fully well-formed yet, so I'm trying to condense it into a slide deck so that I refine my thoughts, and this feedback that we're doing here on a daily basis helps refine that for me, but I'm getting more clarity is what I'm saying.  I don't have all the answers, but I do think that we have at least initial direction, and we're going to take, you know, wrong turns here and there, but we just have to keep each other accountable and keep, you know, making sure that we're on this kind of path.  But I do think that the big thing about where we are in crypto right now is people aren't thinking about post-token launch.  They're thinking about token launch only, and they're figuring it out later. The advantage we have is we have access to thousands of communities that we can actually help promote this and keep that.  I think that's our unique unfair advantage. And how do we exploit that advantage as much as possible? We're not like a chain, the courting devs and having the devs to bring in users.  We're kind of flipping the script. And that's what we have an advantage of, like running CollabLAN for five years.  And so that's kind of where I'm at and what I'm thinking of. All these questions that you have, Zeret, I think these are questions that we have to try to unpack piece by bit by bit.  And we need to be able to refine this because we need a practical strategy. We need to take advantage of where we are right now and be, you know, realistic of where the market is right now.  And that's why I bring in Farcon and Token2049 and ETH not being the chain anymore and all of that.  So this is something that we'll figure out collectively.

42:59 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yes. Volume just got over, like, each volume is 700 million and Solana today is 12 billion, so. Yeah, that's right.

43:08 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So we may need to, like, make sure that the agents can transact on Solana, because maybe that's where the market is.  So there's market signals that are coming in that we have to always not be blinded by and take in, but we have to have a direction.  We can't just be going, okay, let's totally switch there. So I'm trying to create a general long-term direction. Short-term, it's not going to be a straight line.  It's going to go up and down and sideways and things like that. But as long as we maintain context, then we can always make sure that we're marching in the same direction.  Tachi, Andres?

43:50 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I think it's also a lot around, like, if your community is strong, your product is strong. So, so that kind of thought.  Tachi, That is what we're incorporating in showing this on-chain interactions, because if you can prove that your community is strong and engaged, then investors or everybody will have more confidence, and we're actually the tool to do that, so we're, for us, collecting confidence in our product, but at the same time, we help each community have the playbook and the tools to engage their community and show that their community is active and engaging.  And then the yellow pages of the AI agents will follow, because where we're heading, nothing can be done without AI agents in a quick way, and they will come and say, oh, there's the distribution where we can add our AI agents.  So, like, Lego was almost going. They when they started doing these community polls of what do communities want, what kind of Lego products do communities want.  So I think we're on a similar vision for mothers, for communities in Web3.

45:17 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, that's a great point.

45:19 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Go ahead, sorry. Yeah, no worries. I just wanted to quickly complement that.

45:24 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  If we're going to launch as a DAO, so I feel like every DAO I was part of had the same problem.  They had like treasury. So ideally, if we do have a strong community and we launch the token and we have a community pool, which we actually use in the right way, we should because like having a strong community basically means you create the right type of environment in which people feel like if they manage to innovate, they manage to be creative and like can connect with others.  guys next Bye. That can also be leveraged very nicely for us, because they could build stuff that we haven't even thought about.  Just a side note. Yeah, absolutely.

46:19 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I was just going to say that, that's the emergent design. But before you can do that, you have to make sure that people are aligned.  And this is where I think the quizzes and people answering the right questions in the polls of where they want to go, and then the quests, which use the quiz, the quests that use the quizzes in the polls, set a direction.  And the more you interact, the more tokens you get. So the more voting power you have. So there's alignment, because what happens with the DAOs, and this is what we experienced with Mother at first, when we first launched, we didn't have a token, but we had everyone have their own ideas of what Mother is.  We're talking And so what we talked to investors, what we were building, and how we're marketing was not all in the same, like, laser-focused direction.  So this is why I'm thinking that the quizzes and the polls are essential to building aligned community. Because if you get the questions wrong or you don't know what the vibe is of the community, which can change over time, and the AI has that context of where the community was at the beginning of the year, the mid of the year, and the end of the year, can then help guide us as well.  And the AI is almost like a, almost a dictator. Eventually, you know, people, it's funny, will, I think, trust the AI because it doesn't have its own agenda.  It's just been trained on the community sentiment. And so that's kind of what we're doing. That's why we want to have these meetings at the beginning, be transcribed, and then the AI can then, like, make sure that it's like a, the AI.  It's a mirror, a mirror for everything that we're doing, whether it's coding, whether it's strategy, marketing, comms, all of that.  And so that's kind of how it becomes the A, the autonomous in the DAO, the A in DAOs. It's kind of the vision.  It's very kind of amorphous right now, but that's where we're going to so that we can maintain alignment. And part of that alignment is making sure that the price becomes stable or continues to go in an upward trajectory, because once you lose price, you lose attention.  That's the top of the funnel. If you lose attention and price, you're done. It becomes this downward spiral. That's what we're seeing with ETH right now.  So these are my thoughts. I don't know how we'll transcribe this, or maybe we can ask the AI what, you know, kind of the sentiment based off of our previous conversation.  Conversations as well, to give us more better direction. But I know we're like 21 minutes over, so maybe we can end here.  I just give a status update. I'm working through all the unit tests right now for the orchestrator and the quiz.  And it's really interesting, vibe coding my unit tests there to make sure that. So I have the design. That was all last week.  Really went through A to A, MCP, how the orchestra, all the design happens. It has that context. And then it says, okay, I'm just going to start with a monolith so that we can practically get to production.  So this weekend, I started on all the unit tests to make sure that it doesn't hallucinate. So once I have the guardrail of the design and the guardrail of the unit test, then I think it should be pretty quick.  But this is where it takes an adsorbent. amount of time to set the guardrails, and then it can code quickly.

50:10 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. I've also uploaded into our context sharing GitHub, like meetings basically from most of February and all of our what we shipped calls.  And I also created an llms.t that has like a ton of information, links to like most of our most important information and like a bunch of text.  I basically like I already have kind of like an llms.txt on like through Claude basically a project. And I said, here's the format, create something like this for mother and like indicate where I need to put in links.  So it looks pretty complete. Obviously updated as needed, but that's kind of set up there for us nicely. Thank you for that.

50:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I think that's huge. And thank you for doing that, Coach J. I think When I reflect, and that's what I did this weekend on, is that we couldn't come to this place unless we made those previous mistakes.  Those previous mistakes act as learning. So what I'm saying is let's not repeat the previous mistakes of airdrop farming and tokens.  Let's not repeat the previous mistakes of all the other DAOs. Let's make new mistakes, because we will, right? But at least we're moving forward.  And I think all this feedback with, well, what if this, you know, what if that, I think this is the experience that we come to the table with so that we can prevent going back and repeating previous mistakes.  Awesome.

51:47 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. tomorrow, uh, sorry, no, sorry. All right. Great. There we go. Right. Well, I think that's it. And then tomorrow, I, yeah, tomorrow.

52:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I'll give an update on where I am with the unit tests, I'm working and wading through all of that right now.

52:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Amazing. Cool. All right. Thanks for your time, everyone. Thanks, everyone.

52:14 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Ciao. Thank you. Bye-bye.

52:34 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Bye-bye.
