Mother Daily Standup - April 18
VIEW RECORDING - 34 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/y548N9g9CBZ79KjyUYPtyjxsz_44sx-A

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And so maybe we can use this call to kind of focus in on next week's action items. Great.

0:13 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, Alex, do you want go first?

0:15 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, so I know a lot of those questions were coming from me. I think the two, the three biggest things that for me, so first of all, I'll step back and say, James, I sent you a message that I thought did a really good job with the doc.  You know, it seems like we might have gone two setbacks, I do feel like our questions are more focused towards specific things, and we're able to better articulate them than we might have been previously.  So, so good job with the doc. For me, the three biggest kind of questions, I'm not saying that they're slowing us down from like next week, but that at some point they will creep in, are one, one, I have to go back and like listen to it again, but I have to, I  I feel more crisp. Like, to me, there feels like there's a gap between the seeds and the transactions, what we need to show and how we need to show that.  But I don't think it's, we don't have to relitigate it right now because I can write some of that out.  Something about it feels off and just like my gut telling me about it. The second thing that to me is not crisp enough is, and this is more of a, it can stay as a question and an experiment to run next week, which is this, around the question of how are we going to get funds in so that we can make sure that people are paid and we continue to have momentum and stuff and we can bring in other people if need to, that it's around the grants.  Like, what is the value, like, what is the value that mother can provide and can we actually provide that value in a way that people will want to give us grants?  That to me is like an open question, not necessarily that we're going to have to answer it today, but that's the experiment we should run next week.  And the third thing is then around. I think there's just some more open questions on like team dynamics, like the proposal Matt's going to put together, what does that look like in terms of agreements, those sorts of things that we just need to kind of align on the next week or two.

2:14 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I think maybe, and this is where there's just an implicit assumption. I think that from a marketing community growth perspective, and I've been running Collabaland for five years now, I think that what we're really trying to do with the point system is cultivate a community.  And from that, how do we use agents to help build community, strong community, that strong community, how do we know that community is strong or not?  Well, we have this point system with seeds. have system. system. We So I think the context of community growth is the underlying assumption that maybe you're missing, Alex, and that's what ties in the on-chain transactions and the community growth.  This is what drives NFT communities, DeFi communities, investment communities, because there's an inherent assumption here. And I think maybe that's the kind of piece that's missing, because your first point in terms of your intuition, it doesn't feel right.  Like how do points and on-chain transactions, how does that work? It really is the evidence. I understand. Go ahead.  Sorry. Oh, and that ties directly with number two. Because if these grants from these Alt-L1s, L2s, we can... Oh, like on Basifolia, we're driving traffic on chain, that's all they care about.  Like it's on Testnet now, but there's really no difference between Testnet and Mainnet except for value exchange is kind of how I see it.  And then to your third point, yeah, I think that organizationally from an HR perspective, what I've been seeing over the last few months with Mother is we need to get an alignment there.  I think there was some misalignment early on and contributor agreements and just where funding is and all of that, I think, becomes clear once we have a clear path towards like TGE, because that's the main financing, you know, the investment and all of that grants are just stepping stones toward that.  But I know that 08 had his hand up too. Yeah, I just had like a...

4:58 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  a... A remark to make, like, I think Alex may be onto something here, because where we, if we go to grants in Arbitrum, for example, they will ask, like, the grant space has kind of evolved, unfortunately, so it was way easier to get grants a year ago compared to how it is now, because like all organizations have wasted huge amounts of grants, like, and I know that because I've done some research in that and also allocated capital in that site of Web3, but I don't think that's the issue, because like, like you said, we could migrate, but I just wanted to say that out loud, like we, if we go to Arbitrum, they would ask, like, what metrics for Arbitrum do we have, or like, if we go to Optimism, they would ask, like, what, what numbers do we have on their chain, and stuff like that, but, yeah, technically, I don't think it's hard to migrate.  Thank The other thing I wanted to ask is, and this is kind of a question for you, Jonathan and Natascha, like, do you think we should, on community growth, like, because you are on spot, I feel that we should have a thriving community to be able to even ask for grants and move forward.  So, on that note, do you think we should just create a first, like, iteration of a point system and just go forward with it and amplify that, like, to the maximum of our capabilities, like, Coach did an extremely amazing job on, like, for example, getting rich.  And if we couple that, the marketing reach would sound like, because people, like, they love to be triggered, they love to see that they're important.  So, we, in the next campaign, the marketing campaign, I will just sit there on Twitter and every person. That's going to interact with our posts.  I'm just going to ask them to join our discord, try out the stuff that we're doing, because that's how it's actually, yeah, for the first step, for the second step of the growth, like we could be more strategic, we could be more intentional after the buzz starts to kick in.  Because, like, if you look at Succent, like, they're doing an amazing job in, like, triggering people with those codes.  So that's, I don't know if you guys follow that, but like, that's something that's really going crazy right now with the secret codes and stuff.  But for that, we would need a platform. We would need to, so maybe that's going to be the second step of our campaign, like PETG, just having codes, having people to ask to be part of the community, that's even better because they feel it's more valuable to them.  If you just give out stuff, like, they're going to feel like there's a I don't know why the world works like that, but it's just how it does, so.

8:12 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, so from my side, I have two strategies that I also discussed with Dan. One, like, until we have some agents and, like, we're trying to prove that agents work in Discord, but we don't have agents there yet, I would continue with organic growth, like people who are interested in the project, as we're going now, and as soon as we have first agents coming in so that we have an actual use case and can say, hey, look at this.  This is our first showcase, I would start doing, like, foyer garden, so closing down the server, making an entrance room where the big majority  We can discuss if we use Galaxy or other platforms to, like, do the questing. And then for the more curated, like, people already on the server that we know they have a true interest in Mother, we would already give them access to certain channels that are going to be gated after, like, we open up the big majority and have these waves coming in.  And then in addition to that, like, I think it goes in the direction that you mean with codes, we'll have, like, a verified process for people who are truly interested from different platforms that can directly go around the foyer garden and kind of go into the Discord, into the meaningful channels.  And hopefully, one of our agents will also be a meaningful thing, like the newsletter to direct, how do I get into the channels I'm actually interested.  Thank

10:03 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, sorry to step in. I really love that. I think that's a good strategy. We should also go to the communities that we kind of reached out for the live stream and say, hey, we have this invitation, have these codes for your community, don't give them away for free.  Like just, but like, because we have like almost a hundred of those groups and those, some of those projects actually have like, like over between like, let's say a thousand and 200,000 followers on X.  So it's, there are a lot of people to target them. I would also add to that.

10:43 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Real quick. I would also add to that. You can actually give them seeds, uh, and incentivize them and then just let the collab land bot token gate.  So you need a certain amount of seeds in order to unlock that next chat level. So you don't have to manually do this as well.  And this is how it's like the on-chain aspect of seeds can also play in here. So just wanted to add that.  You don't have to do it, but this is what drives Collabaland and these tokenized communities to be able to accrue these tokens because they want to get into more privileged chat.  So there's almost like a point level system there that you can actually have. And this is what tipping actually helps out.  So if you do something meaningful, someone gives you a tip, you get enough tips, it unlocks the channel. There are different strategies around that as well.  That's amazing.

11:43 - Natascha Tiotuico
  That's like a sub point system in the big point system.

11:46 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So it's.

11:48 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, I also see like not necessarily the numbers of seeds, but where do I give my seeds to? Like if I'm more interested into the developers, the conversations and everything, then I.  Would be redirected to a more premium developer place instead of like maybe being a user, I'm more interested into using the showcases and being a tester and like having all this views.  Then I would progress in that area. So not only the number of seeds, but actually the transaction where the seeds go to will be a cool indicator to use.

12:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And the one thing I want to also with our community strategy is kind of like I expressed this to 08 and Tash is just like, I really do see that at the core of this, there are two communities, there's one people who want points, and a low quality community member, and they're there for the points, and then as soon as the points is done, they're not there, like they don't care, and we don't care about them, they're there because there are points.  And then there's quality people who are going to be coming in. I've started, I've added almost everyone who's introduced.  themselves in the mother discord. I have them almost all of them as friends on discord. And I sent an introductory message, just like introducing myself.  That's it. Just saying, Hey, I'm coach Jay, like, welcome to the community. And those are the people that we want to foster and we want to create activities around.  So, and we'll do those, we'll do those at the same time. And we want to make sure that those people, it's really easy for them and frictionless for them to filter out of the farm, the farmer's thing.  It's almost like the tipping. It's like much less important for them. Like, I don't really need, who's the guy I was just talking to.  Um, I don't know, his name is like Yonkers. I don't know what he's Jason Yonkers, something like that. Um, like, I don't need him to tip.  It's fine. We'll get other people to tip. I want him in our community. He like wants to build, he wants to know what mother is doing.  He wants to be involved in like an AI community. He's exactly who we should be talking to and creating activities around.  Right. So that's where I really, I like Tash and zero eight. It sounds sounds like, Y'all are bubbling with ideas, and this is where I would really love your help, because you're both the community experts, like, much more than I am.  So setting up the foundations of the points-based programs so that, you know, the people who want points can come collect their points, and a really easy, like, side door, back door thing where, like, the actual quality builders can come in, and then we can all hang out together and, like, build.  Because that's what I'm doing in my spare time, I'm building , I don't know about you all, so that's where I, like, I want to find other people who want to do that, and hang out with me, and, like, be super frustrated, lovable, is amazing, and incredibly frustrating to use, as I've been working on one project for so many hours.  Anyway, side note. So, yeah, does that make sense?

14:50 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I think we're all on the same page, right? Yeah, I think, but even the curated users, it would be nice to see them use seeds as maybe...  Different than the other people, but for example, if I have a newsletter and I'm recommended, I'm seeing that I talked about smart contracts and mother recommends me to use CallY with the referral link or something, that would be a transaction we want to see reflected in seeds.  Yeah.

15:20 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  If you can engineer that.

15:26 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I can do it together with with you and get like when I did the agent programming with Carlos, I noticed that I'm just very slow and and actually getting it down.  But I already talked to our engineering department and they're also getting very excited about things that we as CoUnity can break down in smaller agents and have come to to mother.  So and. Hopefully, I mean, maybe quiz bots or so could be easily found, like those would be first showcases.  So talking about next week, what can we do? We could find very simple agents. If it's a Discord format agent, if it's a Discord quiz agent, like say, hey, can you put a quiz either on these documents or to this topic or like feed it some information?  Can you generate a quiz for me? Those would maybe be something that agents already exist and we can whip up.  Yeah, I like the quiz idea, the quiz bot.

16:40 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  mean, when I was at Zynga early on, not many people know this, but like that's how Palantir started on Facebook with these quizzes.  So quizzes are actually very powerful. this a defense contractor Palantir? Yeah, yeah. Really? Yeah, that's how they started with quizzes, just to scrape user data that they couldn't get from Facebook.  Oh, they're related to Cambridge Analytica, that makes so much sense.

17:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, that's how they started, with quizzes.

17:15 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So one, James, it's super interesting.

17:18 - Alex Lumley
  Two is, so the thing I'd love to unpack is, maybe you would know this, but I'm trying to work backwards, right?  So one way we can decide, like, what tactics, community tactics or strategies are good is by comparing them against what the KPI we need to hit is, right?  So if we have 10 ideas and one gives us more transactions on chain, then we can kind of measure it that way.  But one of things I'm not crisp on is, like, for these grants, right, and I'm focusing on grants because that's what we need to get in order for this thing to kind of continue.  For these grants, you have any sense of, like, how many transactions on And we actually need to get some of these grants or what those milestones sort of look like.

18:05 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So it's kind of between, depends on the grant program, not all grant programs ask for transactions on chain, but like usually it's, if we have over a thousand, like that's already good.  But that's, that's the medium. So for example, in Optimism, you qualify for the, I don't know if it was RetroPGF, but like in the, I shared in Slack, you need like max a thousand on chain transactions to kind of qualify for it.  So it's not that much, um, to get the grants from them, but, and the first thing you said, like, uh, to get to the point in which we have KPIs for these, we actually need to map out the flow.  So we kind of need to map out the flow of the, how the marketing fits in with a community strategy and the activities in the discord and all the stuff.  You mentioned polls, quizzes, and other office hours and stuff like that, building sessions. I think we just need, next week on Monday, if Tash and Coach wants to meet up, let's just meet for an hour or maybe more if you have time, map out the flow of all of that and just start doing those.  Yeah, that sounds great.

19:24 - Alex Lumley
  And what I would propose is that if, like for me, I think the focus is actually getting towards the grants, because as Matt said, we're not going to fundraise right now.  We're not going to a TGE right now. We need to have the grants that also allow us to validate that this thing actually works in a way that we think we could actually scale a lot of business.  But if we focus on the grants and we're able to identify what the number of transactions and the types of transactions that we would need to be able to get multiple grants, then we can tie that in with, James, way that you framed it of using agents to build our community, which I had not heard you phrase it that way.  But I think it's a very interesting way to. Raise it, because then we're not just talking about builders, we're actually talking about people who want to build communities, and how community builders can leverage agents to do things.  And if we can take those two segments and focus on getting transactions on chain, that drive grant that would enable us to get grants, then there's actually a way for us to get enough money to make this thing somewhat sustainable and start to pick up other things.  And that's, I think, the key, is we have to make sure that whatever tactics we're using can enable us to look good for grants, or at least look good where they're like, okay, we'll give you the milestone types of things.  I makes sense.

20:44 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Do you, I think Savior talks to Plano AI or Awesome QA, I don't think you have them on your list.  Because if we could put them on the registry and through the orchestrator, and then track. .. .. .. .  How many, like, of their answers are being used and, like, how do users interact with that? That's already a very real use case where we have an agent at the Discord bot.  So if you could convince them to go over in the Mother Orchestra.

21:20 - Alex Lumley
  Two things. One is that I think our focus of agents, like, we're going to be much more focused on the quality agents within the context of Discord.  Pluno, Alpinex, Gigbot, and, like, maybe an Ember or somebody else that you can actually do things within Discord. Rather than getting just a whole swarm of agents, it's more important to spend the time on the ones on my sense, James, and, like, we'd love to hear your thoughts on that.  The second thing I get is that this is where it comes back to the grants. Because, to me, the number one thing is, like, can we get enough grant money to make this thing real and continue?  And… … Because Pluno AI, like, if the grants care about transactions, Pluno AI would not thrive for transactions.

22:06 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yes, they will, because we use them, especially when you have token drops and stuff like that, when people are talking, asking about seeds and everything.  If they ask in that channel and every time Pluno AI generates an answer, then we have an on-chain, like, transaction, if that was helpful or not.  And that would be, like, something towards, hey, an agent is bringing real value to the community. And we see it because we already use it in others.  The only difference would be that it goes through the mother orchestrator instead of the Discord bot.

22:48 - Alex Lumley
  So you're saying having questions answered would end up leaving to more transactions on-chain. That's, that's, that's. Yes, yes.

22:54 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Cool, that makes sense.

22:57 - Alex Lumley
  Are there lot of can veryLIE to be Coach Jay, don't know who will drive the grants or how we'll do it, but I think, basically, if we don't get funds in, this thing is going to die, and so we just have to be cognizant of, like, how we can make the sale good enough to the grants to get the funds in.

23:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think with the grants, I mean, it sounded like the grants ecosystem is also in the same place as the VCU ecosystem, where it's, like, really clamping down.  I think one area, I don't know how tantalizing it is, but James kind of mentioned it with Nier as well, like, maybe it's, like, we are the launch chain for this thing, we talk about, there's 150 million users that are untapped, we're going to be launching this thing, X-Chain will be the launch chain, that's how we're going to position it with Polygon, I don't know if that would have worked, I think that's our main offer for these, a lot of these L2s, right?

23:49 - Alex Lumley
  Well, yeah, and what I would propose would be that, like, the three things that you would need to get done next week, because I'm saying three just, because three is a beautiful number.  Three's a good number, it's a good number. And James, I'd love to hear your thoughts on but to me, the three things that I'd love to get done next week would be, one, it's like this experiment around grants, like figuring out, talking to a few teams of like, what is the like almost value prop testing?  Hey, do you want us to launch with CollabLAN and get grants in that way? Or do you want us to do this other way?  Like value prop testing with the grants would be one, and that's like an experiment we can run. Two is we need to figure out how to build out the orchestrator, whatever that is.  And I don't know, I don't know if we hire somebody, James, or what we have to do, but we have to figure that out.  And then the third thing is this community strategy that maps onto the resource availability we have, the capabilities we have, maybe with CoUnity, some help there, but also ties onto the, within the constraints of what the grants want.  And to me, those are the three things that I see for, for next week as running as experiments, where we're learning more and figuring out the way to make those more specific.  Can you write those down?

25:01 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah.

25:04 - Alex Lumley
  I can put those in Slack. I'll just put them here for now. No distinction on the grants.

25:13 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So different grant programs have different objectives. So I don't know if it's good for us to kind of try to fit into those or to a specific grant program just to get funding to kind of try to fit into that cup or, yeah.  So that's a small distinction there because like every grant program has different objectives.

25:39 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, yeah. I agree with you, 08. And that's why I call it value processing. We basically have to figure out what do they have, what do they want, how much can we get, and then work it backwards.  And then two is the orchestrator. there's going in particular, because what you can here. design. on and, and, And that's that's we're  Constraints on engineering, and then three, James, what I said was this community strategy, like small tactics given the demands from grants and constraints with engineering.  There's probably also a four of them, which is just the whole team dynamics, Matt conversation. Do you agree with that, James, Jonathan, Tosh, 08?  And I can make it more specific, but loosely.

26:50 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I think a part that's maybe missing is also like, what are the agents like? What is our first showcase?  Agent, because we need at least one agent to kind of show how it works, or best even two to show that the orchestration works.  Like, what is that use case? I think you're right.

27:14 - Alex Lumley
  That falls under two, like, that's, like, 2A, or that's, like, 2B maybe. Like, Gigbong or Ember would be good ones, but the problem is, is that we can't integrate them because we don't have the engineering resources.  Oh, okay.

27:30 - Natascha Tiotuico
  I would like to also go back.

27:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I thought we just needed an endpoint to give us an endpoint, and that's it.

27:36 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Like, there's nothing to integrate.

27:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Like, they need to be able to accept natural language requests.

27:41 - Alex Lumley
  The orchestrator has to get built.

27:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So that's it, then. So that's kind of, like, the blocker here. I mean, that's the blocker. Like, they've given us an endpoint already, and we are actually missing the orchestrator that's going to take the natural language requests and feed it together.

28:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Well, this is where I think when Matt is chiming in, we can use Gaia as the inference and just have Gaia spin up an inference node that just hits those endpoints.  We already have the mother agent that Carlos built and has trained, and so maybe we can get someone from Gaia, but I don't think Carlos is with Gaia anymore, so it's just finding out someone else at Gaia to actually do that work.  I would also like to go back to first principles a little bit and see if we can get a short list of what are the three agents we need for the mother AI Discord that would, the orchestrator agents could hit.  And the three, like a quiz agent or quiz bot or whatever those agents are, and maybe they already exist, and we, in terms of, they might exist as Discord bots already.  And so we can just point to them and we use – we maybe even create our own little agent or something because part of what I'm talking about at NIR and Proximity Labs, which is kind of an offshoot of what NIR's funded, is they're looking for demand.  So I can try and talk with Kendall and Matt Lockyer about getting some engineers to help them – help us build what they call shade agents, which are agents that run inside of the TEE.

29:47 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Is there something like a referral bot, like, for call-wide, if we would find the question, how do I build the smart contract, and then we would, like, over the mother –  Orchestrator say, hey, here's something you can hire to create it. I don't want us to be like an advertising platform, so we would have to be careful how to wrap that.  But that could be like an orchestrator of a referral, referring to an existing agent, and the agent isn't used in Discord, so obviously we have to go out of Discord and kind of hire him outside of Discord.  Or can he be hired, can he be hired by, by, in Discord? I don't know. Yeah, that's where the agent just needs to be on the registry, and the orchestrator agent just looked at the registry.

30:43 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So we want to make it as minimal lift as possible. So if we can get like a short list and maybe circulate that in Slack, that would be great.  Yeah, Alex put in a quiz agent QA and a learning bot. And the learning bot one is like, I need to better figure out how

31:00 - Alex Lumley
  But the point that Xavier and Tasha have been making is we need resources to teach people how to do stuff because people don't have a good place to come and ask questions.  And if we could have some way to actually support people, and maybe that's just as simple as connecting with Claude or bringing in resources and updating those resources.  But I do agree with the hypothesis that a lot of people who might want to build agents are looking for places of where to learn.  And if we can be that fountain of information, that is something that would totally drive a lot of community.  That's just a lot of work.

31:39 - Natascha Tiotuico
  It might be something for like the second phase after like grant thing, but like a quiz, you can whip up a quiz of education, of fun.  So I think the quiz bot would actually be a very quick way to gain transactions because people are going to answer.  And it's a quick one. It's not like a very intensive, specific group, and the more quizzes you do, you can try out different topics, you can address different target groups within the community, and it's a fast transaction, which we want to have those on-chain transactions happening quickly, and I think a quiz bot should be quite easy, even if we would have to do it ourselves.

32:26 - Alex Lumley
  So what I would propose is, that makes sense, Tasha, what I propose, James, is that I can take these items that I just wrote here, we can put them in just a single Notion page with, like, here's the things that we're kind of working on for this week, and more than likely, the things we do for this week to get done, it'll probably extend in some version two for the second week, but it's kind of like, hey, here's the things we're focused on for the next one week or two, and include it, and by that time, we should have more clarity around.  What are the team dynamics, what do things look like from grants, like, we will have learned Learned a bunch more to update some of our hypotheses and be able to move faster in that way.  Sounds good.

33:12 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. Sweet. Thanks for your time, everyone. Anything else, James?

33:21 - Alex Lumley
  No, I don't have anything else.

33:23 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Happy weekend, y'all. Tash and...

33:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, yeah, wait, 08, are you going to be able to meet on Monday or are taking the time off?

33:30 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, no, no, I'm going to be, I'm just not going to trigger like people in our Discord that much like these days, but I'm going to be on Monday because I just want, that's my final note, I just want on Monday if we could to have like the flow ready for the call in the evening, so we can share Let's do it, let's it.

33:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  we're going to meet, we're meeting Monday at 8 Central European Time, at 12 noon, 8, I'm asleep at 8.  Okay.

33:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Awesome. Have a good day.

33:55 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  See y'all. Yes. Bye. Bye.
