00:00 James Young Many. All right, so I got word from Matt that CO UNITY is working with Gaia on a campaign because they're going to have a tge. So I was thinking that we're doing with MOTHER and what CO UNITY is doing with Gaia could actually overlap and see if that is an opportunity there. So actually be informed by both kind of things that are going on. So with that, I don't know if you've started formalizing a plan for that. I know that the needs are a little bit different because on the Gaia side, they want to incentivize nodes to be. Be launched on Gaia. 
 00:56 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, that's where I started talking to Alex on Friday and Monday because I need to talk to Matt and kind of figure out where. Where the line is of also disclosure. But I. I'm glad to. I mean, we have more clients that do tge, so I can kind of anonymize the data, but I would have to, like, talk to Matt and those guys. How much of the information I can specifically use. I don't. I don't understand. Like, coming from a German background, it's always like super critical. I have the feeling, like in this space, sometimes I feel it differently. But I met note takers in here, so maybe I can sync up with him on. On those details. 
 01:55 James Young Yeah, yeah, that's fair. That's totally fair. And I. I don't want you to cross any kind of bounds or anything. You know, CO Uni is its own thing. The way I think about it, just to let you know, like, I just like transparency across the board. And the way I think about what we're doing with MOTHER and the agents actually, is to kind of dog food this ourselves. But I would also say that we could use MOTHER as not like a third party, but second party, to be right in line as we launch it with mother and how do we get more demand? And I will let you kind of anonymize and do all of that, but I also know. So this is kind of known. It's been publicly announced. Guy is going to have a TGE soon. 
 02:52 James Young LIT Protocol is going to also have a TGE soon, and MOTHER will then probably have a TGE on the backs of both of those. The idea is to see how there can be synergies in those three communities, but they're not totally coupled or interrelated because if one doesn't do well, we don't want to negatively affect the other two. However, we want to be able to have this positive sum where one can lift up the Others. And the interesting thing about this is that both Gaia and Lit, if we use the Orchestrator agent, are actually going to be showcasing their tech as well. So with the account kit and what we're doing with the smart accounts and tipping and all of the payments and all of that uses lit under the hood. 
 03:55 James Young And if we make sure that all the agents use inference from Gaia, then Gaia is going to be used under the hood. So it's a way of being able to set up for the TGE event and also showcase the technologies that are going to tge. And there can be a narrative here where, you know, we're doing this all under mother. So you have Lit, Gaia, Mother, tge. It's showcasing the tech that we're using to get to tge. And I think that's quite interesting. And then there can be this like, as we talked about, and this is kind of riffing on, and this is all just kind of serendipity. This is all riffing on, like what were talking about, where the token actually is the attention that you need. 
 04:54 James Young But typically in tges it's like down only because people just sell once they get airdrops and all of that, because there isn't any activation or use of the token for people to prevent cell pressure. Right. So what I'm thinking here, when we're talking about this Orchestrator agent and the showcasing of these TG ease, what we can do is create these campaigns. And this is where I would like to just not maybe talk in detail for each community specifically, but with CO Unity, what I would recommend is it's like a Get to TGE event. You do the campaigns and the TGE happens. But then that just now kind of supercharges the community even more to remove that sell pressure. So you're not creating these campaigns just for tge. 
 05:56 James Young TGE is a pit stop along the way to then really formalize and grow the community even more. And I still do think like the quizzes, the polls and the quests are important. And that's still the. On the roadmap, I would say that like when it comes to quests, we can actually create it so that we have like a. And this is just off the top of my head, for Gaia specifically, you say, okay, there is a Gaia like launch agent that is part of the quest. So you have an agent in chat, you can launch a Gaia node. And that's all provable on chain. It's all via smart accounts. And that will give you kind of whatever. The points are similar. I don't know if Gaia wants to have their own equivalent to like a seed program like we do in Mother. AI. 
 07:00 Natascha Tiotuico They have Engage. So they have reward points with Engage. So I don't know if that could be transformed, formed into like something similar to Seeds. 
 07:11 James Young I'm not familiar with it. Engage. 
 07:15 Natascha Tiotuico It'S where, like, they get reward points for liking Twitter posts and fulfilling different kinds of tasks, mostly social media. 
 07:28 James Young Oh. 
 07:29 Natascha Tiotuico So. 
 07:29 James Young So if Engage has an API, we can call their API and then if we have access, if Engaged, depending on their API, can give us back a Twitter account or a Discord account or a Telegram account, see how many points they have. We can easily translate that. So you remember we had that X Card campaign that Kushagra mentioned. You click and you vote for your bot. That's equivalent to, I would say an Engaged, like or post or something. So if we can integrate with Engage, that would be huge. Like, we can, you know, if they have an API, can you send a URL of Engage? I've never heard of them. 
 08:13 Natascha Tiotuico Let me just look for it. 
 08:16 James Young Okay, so that's maybe a to do thing and maybe we can leverage Engage. That would be huge. Then we don't have to build out all of these kind of campaigns because Engage probably has it. We can just translate that and then turn them into quests. Easily turn them into quests. Okay, so that's kind of the update. I spoke with Matt yesterday. We had a good conversation. And yeah, this is really interesting because we have not just one token launch like MOTHER that we're talking about, but we can actually, and I don't know of anyone that's ever done this before, how to leverage separate TGEs for mother. So how do. Because we're using the tech stack of lit and we're using the tech stack of Gaia for mother. How can they be loosely coupled? 
 09:14 James Young But that shouldn't distract us in terms of what we're moving forward on with community engagement. But I think that puts cooney in a good spot to have purview into. How do we. How do we create this flywheel? So that said, just to give status on what I'm doing, I'm still working through the unit tests. I have like 57 unit tests and about a third of them are passing right now as I'm coding. So I'm still vibe coding my way to the unit test. It's just kind of a grind, so. But it's fun. So it's kind of like I'm managing these AI agents Coding agents. And that's kind of it on my side. I've worked on this, the PowerPoint a little bit. 
 10:06 James Young There is a lot of kind of overlap when it comes to AI and where AI is and crypto is and tokenized tokenization and TGES in general. And we're actually going to be able to like battle test this like immediately. This is not going to be theoretical because I've been talking with Eli, which is he's chief of staff at LIT Protocol, and they want to do a campaign with this. They're all in on AI agents and it looks like Matt has hooked me up with Meowy and Toby and someone, another dev rel and asked me to reach out to CO Unity. And I said I, I was gonna like he sent that this afternoon or early late morning. And I said I was just gonna be on a call with Tasha anyway. So this is why I brought it up. 
 10:57 James Young So there's a lot of overlap and kind of practical application not only in the MOTHER AI discord, but in the lit discord and the Gaia discord that we could all work in. And we also have the collab land discord if we wanted to dry run a bunch of stuff too. So we actually have initial beginnings of a pipeline. And these are friendly, so these aren't like third party. So we can kind of, you know, I don't want to say guinea pig, but like enhance whatever campaigns are already happening with lit and with Gaia and with Mother and then just move this forward in a very practical way. So I think that things are lining up. I don't know how it happened. It's just this emergent design and opportunity. 
 11:46 James Young So I say let's grab it, let's be opportunistic with this and kind of think at a higher level of how we can engage and then maybe cross promote like one TGE leads into the setup for another. Right? And the LIT and the guy at TGE and the token holders there and their point system can actually also inform mother. So we're building up this multi community momentum or something like that. I don't know, it takes some time to think it through. But I think that could be great. And just wanted to throw that out there. I don't want to complicate things too much because I know TGE events are like huge just having one. 
 12:27 James Young But it looks like from what I understand, like on the lit and the Gaia one, all the market making and all of the, you know, listings and all of that are really. And the all of that Kind of like financial engineering stuff for the token has been set and now the focus. Now we're a month away until the TGE for both of them are like now community focused, gearing up for that. 
 12:53 Natascha Tiotuico Talking about like Pluno AI. Pluno AI is something we put in all communities, especially going towards tte. I. I remember his last words were that he's going to kind of talk to the product team how much it fits into their roadmap. Maybe I should take some of like savior or something to kind of explain how this project, how it would fit in well and kind of like pump the distribution because I think we play that card much too less. But if we have the idea to go into like PTE support with the MOTHER Orchestrator, it would be of course super interesting for them because that's when a lot of FAQ volume occurs. Like if you start testing a Pluno AI and we could say okay, they get their money over mother. Like we have to build that into the business development. 
 14:04 Natascha Tiotuico So I don't know how easy that will be to check the volume and like just pay similar to what they get when we do it by Discord bot. Is that possible? 
 14:18 James Young Well, one, what we're working on for the mother Discord is the MOTHER Orchestrator, right? There can be. It's the same logic but you can brand this as like the Lit Orchestrator or the Gaia Orchestrator agent, right? So we can white label that so it doesn't have to be mother. And I don't know too, I don't know enough about Pluno AI. And if we can actually just like use the Orchestrator agent to proxy and call Pluno or you know what if they are native in Discord, if we can extend Pluno like there are some questions there that I think we should do that kind of would, I think crossover on the BD side of things with Pluna. I just don't know enough about Plino to be able to comment on it. And I missed a meeting with Pluno twice actually. 
 15:23 James Young So, you know, I'm happy to like talk to Pluno again if it's relevant for these tges as well. And maybe there's something that we can combine and do together. Sometimes when you get too many cooks in the kitchen, it actually takes longer than if it was like a smaller core team. So I don't know if working with Plino would be advantageous or it would slow things down. I'm not sure. But maybe it's an easy integration. 
 15:52 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I'll see. And Talk to them. Because what I see as a big benefit is it is a tool that we would normally integrate into MOTHER and Gaia. So if we like, that's already two of three that go to the tte. So if we can get them to ready do on chain interactions instead of like using their bot separately, it would be like already a huge showcase. 
 16:24 James Young I should introduce you to lit as well and so that you can help out with that because their whole community campaign, they don't even have a playbook or a roadmap or any idea of it at all. So it could like be lead gen for co unity and. And we'll disclose to them. And like, you know, we started MOTHER with David, Matt and myself, so it's. It's all kind of in the family, if you will. 
 16:54 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. 
 16:54 James Young But we all have, you know, I, I don't want to mess up or completely derail. I have no interest in derailing their TGEs. I just want to see if there's overlap that allows us to then like, get even more momentum for mother. 
 17:10 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I think like, I already have MOTHER on the roadmap on the proposals ideas for Gaia. So independently of this, like, I. I already started cultivating that. That idea with a specific need, like specific use cases. So maybe if lit protocol is open to that, we can also look into it and I can, like, I don't know how. I'm not a good salesperson, so I would have to bring somebody from our team also to discuss the details how we can do the lead generation and kind of get into that talk as well. 
 18:06 James Young I mean, I. Yeah, I think that with like three TGEs, LIT, GAIA and MOTHER, if there's a playbook that comes out of this is what can sell for. 
 18:16 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 18:17 James Young You know, like, I think that we keep it really practical and then it becomes like a, you know, maybe at the very beginning, this is kind of like a TGE playbook, community playbook before, like a month or 2 before tge to tge post. Tge how to keep engagement. And this is a way that we stop from number go down and we keep that and we get holders in. And you know, there are these games that people play when it comes to staking and restaking to remove cell pressure. This is where it could get interesting. And we just have three use cases off the bat that are coming from, that are internal. So I think like this seems like just intuitively like, you know, we are our own customers. Let's meet our own needs. You know, there are these TG events that are happening. 
 19:08 James Young Let's play into that. But, you know, this is just something that came on my radar today because Matt told me to like, talk to you, Tasha. You know, my time is limited, so I'm just like, let's just be as transparent as possible. Let's just talk in this chat. So I'm just giving you this info real time. 
 19:27 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. I'll. I'll talk about, like, I'll get all the information and I think it's a wonderful idea because him coming to you already shows that they're very open to doing that. So let me get more into that discussion and see how we can build the best synergies of everything. 
 19:50 James Young Yeah. Because I would also like, if it's okay, you know, figure out what the boundaries are, like you were saying, Tasha, of what we can say on Friday, like, how much can we disclose? And maybe we allude to, like, we're working with some groups, they're doing tges, we're helping them out. And then also if it's okay, and this is again, kind of this grayish area and, you know, I don't want anyone to cross any boundaries. But what we can do is take these recordings that you have with like Gaia or like, if I introduce you to it, how these recordings lit, put them all into that context repo for MOTHER to be able to like get a broader context so that the AI can understand and we give the AI context to help us move us along. 
 20:37 James Young And this is part of this like synthetic hybrid organization that, you know, we're all kind of like aspiring to kind of that North Star that we talked about like last week in terms of getting context. Right. Because yeah, I think there could be a lot of thought leadership, a lot of blog posts that we can kind of massage with AI to talk about these tges go to market this and this helps with the MOTHER tge. There's so many opportunities here. So I, I think that this is an interesting primitive that has emerged and it's like right in our lap. So why not go for the easy thing, the low hanging fruit. 
 21:23 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. And I mean, they all play within each other because if Gaia does well and builds the agents and can show the agents and mother, it's going to like feed each other. And the same with the LIT protocol. If we start using like more tipping in communities and everything, that will also kind of feed into that. So I think we have great products there that like even partner communities with products that feed into each other's. Use cases. 
 21:57 James Young Yeah. So even with the quizzes and the polls and the quest, these will all be interactions that are native in discord, but they're all on chain transaction and they all use LIT underneath the hood too. So if it's an AI agent using inference from Gaia and it's in chat on chain transactions, it's using lit. And then it's kind of like mother's goal, which is to orchestrate all of this uses lit and Gaia under the hood. It all kind of is, you know, symbiotic and like we're creating an ecosystem here and we had a broad idea of it and were reaching out to all these agent devs and marketplaces, but maybe we just serve ourselves. Like, you know, we kind of do this and these TGE events are big events in crypto. TGE events are kind of big. 
 22:50 James Young And so if we can align ourselves with MOTHER saying, like, we helped with lit, we helped with Gaia, now we're doing mother, and then we can help whatever other TGE events happen in the future. Maybe it's like the product PMF could just be like TGE Community playbook initially or something like that. So just. I'm just spitballing. I don't know if this will resonate tomorrow or not, but it feels intuitively like, why not? 
 23:20 Natascha Tiotuico No, like, for me, it aligns and I think Alex and I have been talking a lot about similar. Like, not TG specific, but similar things, so. Sorry, Alex. 
 23:31 Alex Lumley At the end of the day, I. I think it's. I think it's interesting. I know, like, we're still going to go and do the interviews with the other people anyways, because. Yeah, I'm not sure how, like, if you think about the business model of the tge, I'm not sure if focusing only on tge, at least early on, is enough of a business model to allow for, like MOTHER to grow and IT and in. But either. Either way, TGE is likely a very good place to. It's a good moment to plug into communities. 
 24:04 James Young Yeah. 
 24:05 Alex Lumley And it's just a matter of, is it the tge? Is it something else? Like, what else? What will be enough of a business model to allow MOTHER to kind of grow in that way, and that's something we're going to figure out through the interviews and validation and all that stuff. 
 24:20 James Young Yeah, Yeah. I think TGEs are, like, the surprising thing is that now I'm like, oh, these tges are happening. I knew they were, but now they're dates. And it looks like the Market is potentially coming back. And. And what I learned from Matt that we should. And I haven't wrapped my mind around this. I have a meeting that has yet to be scheduled. You can do a token launch through a Gaia node. I don't know what that exactly means, but you can. That. That's what they're saying. And so maybe it's like, I don't know, I have to learn more about this. But that. That's kind of what Matt was saying and he wanted to connect me with Michael. And there's this open MCP service that Michael's working on. I. And so we'll integrate that into the orchestrator agent. I have that already. 
 25:16 James Young You know, you can check out the repo that I open source. It has a plugin for mcp. And so it's all along this roadmap. And so it's this kind of taking emergent design and what is falling in our lap and how do we integrate it? But I agree with you, Alex. Like, I don't know if like just betting on TGE events if that's what it's for, but it could be like an extension of a pump fun where you have a meme coin and you're launching it and you're growing a community. You have AI assistance. This gives that meme token, that meme coin, something else to do so that it's not number go down only or down only. So I think that's really part of what tokenized communities offer is removing that cell pressure and aligning people to coordinate. 
 26:14 James Young So it's like attention is a token launch. You get context and that's where the community comes in. Then you get alignment and then you get coordination. And this kind of allows. And this is my kind of larger thesis of why I got into crypto. I think of crypto as a coordination vehicle. It's not necessarily just defi. Like defi helps coordinate. Right. And people have liquidity pools and all of that, but it's. It's PVP in that way. But what we're doing here and what I'm hoping ultimately, and this is why I've been doing collaborant for five years, is like, can we do this in. In a group community setting? Can we align people and coordinate and keep the coordination kind of tax as low as possible? But it's hard because people have their own agendas, their own motivation. 
 27:05 James Young We saw that even with like mother at the very beginning. Like, everyone wants to kind of come together, but it's really hard to align everyone. And this is the heart of what like AI can help. And it's really a community alignment tool which then reflects in price because if number go down, you no longer have attention. And so you need to keep that number propped up to keep that attention going and people participate. And this is what, this is how stock markets run. This is how like companies run. Right? So this is really just an online version of a startup. 
 27:44 Natascha Tiotuico And Alex, just for you, like all the things that you need to do in a community, like a TGE is like a load test for developers actually. So anything we do in a TGE can be done outside of a TGE as well. So all the agents that come with this playbook will also be able to be used outside of the tge. So I have no worry that the TGE focus will kind of ruin the product because it's actually a TG is always a load test. 
 28:27 Alex Lumley I think, I think it's a great point. I totally agree that TV's a low test is more about how do we get money in. And if we're focusing only on two TGs, unless they're paying us right, then it becomes a different thing. 
 28:42 James Young And maybe that's part of the business model here with the tge. TGE is a capital formation event, right? It's like, it's a hyper allocation of capital. And so maybe like you get paid the transaction fees and stuff like that go back to mother. And so the more you are able to engage with the community, the more money MOTHER makes. And that is an alignment. Right? And then it keeps us honest in terms of like we have to create the tools that continue to do this on chain transactions because there's a transaction fee that MOTHER gets every single time. And TGE is a hyper focused capital allocation event. So it, you know, it makes sense at a very high level. But yeah, doubles in the details. 
 29:31 Alex Lumley Yeah, no, I hear you guys. I agree with you guys. I know I still do have to do some more work on doing the business model stuff. To be honest, talking about tgs, I got with my last tg. So I have a bunch of issues with my taxes that I have to figure out this week. So it might take me a little longer. The, the whole 81.3B just got screwed in 19 taxes. So it might, I might be a little bit more backed off this week. But I still do have it on my plate to go and start doing a lot of those calls and interviews. Tosh, maybe we can set up some time with Xavier because I Think talking to Xavier will be a better next step than talking to Dan. But that can give us some more. 
 30:14 Alex Lumley That can give us some more, like, definition around what these users want, what these community managers want. 
 30:22 Natascha Tiotuico Cool. Because we do also have some communities. I think that. 
 30:30 Alex Lumley Actually the most helpful thing for me would be is if you like, for me, it's. It's really helpful to dig into the details of whatever people you feel comfortable talking about. And same with Xavier. So if we can figure out, like, how we can actually talk about real customers, maybe Alex signs an NDA with Co Unity, whatever. Whatever allows you guys to feel comfortable, but if we can dive into examples, that would be the best thing. So then we can kind of unpack from there. Hey, this is what the teams are doing. Oh, now we're starting to see patterns. Here's where we can actually build something off of that. And they're paying this much money. That's where we can actually. You know what I mean? 
 31:07 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. I'm, I'm meeting tomorrow with Nick as well to talk through these things. What can we set up so that, you know, that we don't bring, like, where are the boundaries? Like, let's set that up kind of in paper, do some housekeeping around that. Just so. So that if we split ways or if it becomes a success, we have that in place. 
 31:42 Alex Lumley Yeah. And, and I'm happy to sign an NDA. An NDA, if that makes sense. And I think we kind of loosely talked about it, but it's something like the two things I would say is, one is it'd be really helpful to talk to you and Xavier about, like, you guys kind of playing out what some of the customers you guys have do, so we can kind of better define things. I'm happy to sign an NDA with that. You guys are also welcome to take all that information yourself and do whatever you want with it. The second one is around, like, how do we set it up for both Co UNITY and MOTHER to kind of work together in that way? 
 32:16 Alex Lumley And I think it's something as simple as, like, for whatever agents MOTHER ends up creating, we can set up some agreement where like, Co Unity either gets some. Some amount of it, some percentage, which would be normal that we would have with the kind of agent developers anyways, and. Or you guys are able to go and sell that and you guys can take a cut of that or however we do it. 
 32:42 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I think that's like the big thing. The question how we form that collaboration? Because up to now, like, everything's good, but when we go into the super details, into the playbooks, which we, like, earn the most of our money from, that's when it starts getting sensitive. And I need to, like, make sure that we're creating tools to help that playbook, but not like, giving out. Here's the playbook. 
 33:13 Alex Lumley So. So maybe the other way we go about it is that. Because what I really want is I want the understandings of, like, what's happening. Right. 
 33:20 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 33:21 Alex Lumley And going to you guys directly is a great way to make that move faster. Maybe a different way to do it is if I just need like five. Five interviews. Right. To get started. Maybe we just find five people who can explain to me what's going on. And that way we can at least move that forward without having to have all these agreements and everything in place. 
 33:44 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 33:46 Alex Lumley What do you think? 
 33:47 Natascha Tiotuico Sounds good. Yeah, let me talk it through with Nick tomorrow because, like, I'm always a friend, like, ideas are multiplied everywhere. It's more how you do it and how you action on it. But I. I just need to make double, like double check that. 
 34:07 Alex Lumley Sure. So I'll. I'll hold off so you can give me a better answer on that. But either way, like, I should be. 
 34:14 Natascha Tiotuico Able to answer that tomorrow. 
 34:16 Alex Lumley Sounds good. Anything else you need, James, or. 
 34:21 James Young No, that's it. I. I think that there's some alignment adjustment. We're getting into the details, which is great. This really means that things are getting serious and these aren't just like hypotheticals. So I think that we just have to create a model here that everyone can benefit mutually. And as Tasha was saying, we're not like, leaking different information or value and we're able to capture it, but in a positive, some way additive. So it's like everyone benefits from it. I don't know what that looks like exactly, but the opportunity is there, the potential is there. So, yeah, we've been working together for months now, and now this is kind of forming. Well, what. How, you know, how do we, you know, deal with it? 
 35:09 James Young And so there's probably going to be a lot of conversations to have, and I'm excited for this to make sure that we can stay in alignment overall and we don't go off course because these TG events are going to happen no matter what. And can we, like, you know, integrate those and work together so that everyone benefits? 
 35:38 Alex Lumley That sounds good. They worked to me, actually. James, do you mind if I give you a call, like a five minute call after this real quick? 
 35:44 James Young Yeah, sure. 
 35:45 Alex Lumley All right. 
 35:47 Natascha Tiotuico A short. Yeah, okay. A short question. Like all these things that we discuss, like at the beginning were discussing it with disruption Joe, about like, what is. Like, we don't have a contribution contract. We just have like the word of what was doing before. So how would we start getting into that discussion and keeping that clear? Like who do we have to talk to? Do we talk to you, James? Do we talk to you and Matt? Do we find consensus here? 
 36:26 James Young That's a great question. And I. That is definitely a Matt question. 
 36:32 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. 
 36:33 James Young And I take Matt's lead on that. But I am here to help make sure that things, the momentum keeps on going and that momentum and our shifts that are changed because it's not a straight line, changes how people contribute. But I'm not going to like, be the one that, you know, settles a contributor agreements. That's Matt. And I think from what I understand is that part of the guide TGE will help inform form what happens with the mother tge. So there's some relationship there. But I am not part of Gaia. So that's why I can't like, be the one that settles these contributor agreements. And that's why, like, I asked Matt to start coming to these daily meetings. That's why his recorder is in here starting today. Because we should get that out in the open and it should be clear. 
 37:38 James Young And this is where we need that like, overall framework so people feel confident in the work they're doing. Because the last thing that you want is to worry about like all the commercial agreements and financial incentives because then it like stops you from like working or it gets out in your mind. And so we got to clear all of that first and foremost and then we can feel free to just focus in on all the work. And so like the boundaries that you're talking about, Tosh and everything, that's like. There are a lot of questions there. And this is where on the commercial side, I would encourage everyone to kind of like figure this out. 
 38:18 James Young My goal here is just to like get that orchestrator agent how we want to spin it when it with regards to like, oh, is there like a Gaia orchestrator? And I know Toby's working on that and I'm happy to share what I've built with Toby and then. But there's like value leakage there. So it's like, okay, how do we agree? And for me and the way I operate is that like, I'm just going to keep on going because if I stop, there's no value anyway. 
 38:49 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 38:49 James Young So I got to keep on going. And so, yeah, we should clarify all of that, though. And that's hugely important because we should get paid for the work that we do and we should be compensated, like, based off of the contribution. And so how do we measure that? How do we gauge that? What are the commitments like? And ultimately we want to make sure that. And the problems that I see before with like, collaboration is that people's expectations are very different. And so we just got to make sure that everyone's expectation is in alignment. And this is where it's like, you know, I don't know if checking all the meetings into the transcripts, into GitHub and all of that to Jen, have the AI respond and reflect back and then be that overarching kind of orchestrator to. 
 39:45 James Young To go, okay, how should people be contribute? Right. Because Matt's not in this meeting, but his recorder is. So he may ask his recorder questions and so he'll know kind of the synopsis of this meeting and hopefully he'll listen to it and then he'll be able to anticipate for next meeting. Maybe co Unity has with Gaia and he's like, has some context at least. So I'm very interested in kind of how we can make sure that we can stay aligned as well. And we're kind of real time figuring this out as well as these things emerge. So that's kind of the fun part of it. 
 40:28 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. I mean, even just starting to have these discussions show that we're onto something. So I'm really excited because if weren't having these conversations, it would be like, okay, we're still in the dark where we're. It's still far away, but this is really exciting. 
 40:48 James Young Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we've worked together for months now, so hopefully that gives us some trust and some context here and, you know, faith that we'll be able to come to a resolution. I don't know what that is. And we definitely need Matt to help, like, clarify things and at least create a framework, something that we can all understand and see and agree with so that our expectations are all matched. 
 41:15 Alex Lumley Makes sense. 
 41:17 James Young Cool. 
 41:17 Alex Lumley Well, I guess we got. We needed James. Actually, I don't need to chat. We can chat again later. And Tosh, I'm looking forward to that combo that you had with Code Unity. Awesome. 
 41:30 James Young Excellent. 
 41:31 Alex Lumley Bye. 
 41:32 Natascha Tiotuico Bye. 
 41:33 James Young Bye. 
