Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - March 11
VIEW RECORDING - 32 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR

---

0:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sir, Sir. How are you doing?

0:06 - Matt Wright
  Good man, you? Good.

0:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  watching me all in Denver from a distance. I was pretty jealous. Oh, we missed you man.

0:14 - Matt Wright
  Yeah.

0:16 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  How's life?

0:18 - Matt Wright
  Yeah, good.

0:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, just hanging out here in Valencia. I'm actually taking next week off. That's one of the reasons why I didn't come to Denver.  was just like budget-wise. So it's our anniversary. My partner and I, so we're going to Florence, Italy.

0:33 - Matt Wright
  Oh, that's right. Modernless pizza and pasta.

0:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm like, you know, the statue David is coming at.

0:41 - Matt Wright
  And July and some good wine. Oh, yeah. All the things.

0:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  How about you?

0:48 - Matt Wright
  How's, have you managed to recover post Denver? How was it kind of productive for you? Productive. I think the meetings were very exhausted after my age of trips, so.  Yeah, that, yeah.

1:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  You went right to gender from a day. Yeah. And you have a judge of kids. No, no, I don't know.

1:15 - Matt Wright
  I don't Okay. That's more reasonable.

1:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I would imagine that was difficult if you had kids, so. Cool. Yeah.

1:27 - Matt Wright
  So how are things going on your end?

1:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I'd say things are going fine. There was a bit of a slowdown just over Denver. One, because I knew that anyone, anyone that would try to reach out to during the Denver, it would be really difficult.  And that's a week during break. One thing I didn't want to do was like move really far forward in any thinking and projects, knowing that y'all are actively discussing some of the things around mother.  So I was like having to sit on my hands to not like try to do things. Otherwise, I'd say it's good.  think that we have a lot of decisions that need to be made in the short term, I think, that will let us move quickly in the medium to long term.  That's just what I got my eyes on. want to keep corralling people to make quick moves, because the AI space is just changing so fast every single day.  Yeah.

2:29 - Matt Wright
  So, yeah, I wanted to chat with you on, so I got the budget sheet here. There's some new numbers I need to add.  Looking at it's like high level, there's things that I've already been paid that mentally I'm putting in a bucket, so that guy pays for some piece of it and a future set of it can be an approved by a proposal, and then there's some that need to be sent out  the credit line so that we can move forward for the next days and things. I guess thinking through the next, like through March and April, that's really kind of like that's, that's the funding we need to think through right now to get to TV.

3:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, we do, we do have, we are planning, like, so I just spoke to Joe and Zeid info yesterday, they are going to design a workshop because that was the big question I had and like, okay, we're going to do this fund raise.  It's going to be successful for sure. We're going to raise our, we're going to have a million dollars. How are we spending that as effectively as possible?  Like, obviously your, your conversation about like really buckling down and, you know, super lean team deeply resonates. So yeah, I have that question as well.  What are priorities in terms of compensation versus like, I want to get a bunch of tooling that I have been like not pulling the trigger on that will like help a ton with growth.  Do we want to use some of that money? for grants to get people to build , like all of those decisions I was thinking we would want to make like pretty soon.

4:09 - Matt Wright
  Yeah, so like, you know, with the fundraise and if North Star's TGE, we you don't want to spend any VC money on grants.  Grants you only want to have for when you have tokens available for distribution. If you think, you know, if you zoom out, like a million dollars is not capital.  We can burn through it really quick and so you can either spend three months fundraising a million dollars and then burn through it and then you have to like figure out the next phases or you raise a mill in VC money and then you go have a fifty million dollar market cap of a token.  And then we have $10 million to put it with and a lot of it is, you know, native tokens so you can be grants and native tokens So it's just like much more scale economics if we yeah, yeah focus on the TGE that's kind of one thing I don't agree on with You know, I think part of what mono was thinking was that if we sold too early some of the tokens We would end up facing some liquidity issues, but I don't think that's the case So like right now, let's raise the mail or even if we get the half of that You know, I think our current burn is not the spreadsheet I mean the current burn is out pages Matt Like it's absolutely It's literally we're Everyone started consulting great Yeah, it's nuts.  Yeah, then Joe's Joe's in fantasy world, and I'm like dude I don't know where you think this one is going to come from, um, and I, I feel kind of just my partner and I, like, kind of insulted because we're going to be clouded here, but then we're getting, like, pushed back from some of the team.  want to name names who are like, uh, well, we have to spend this to do this thing. like, no, you don't.  Like, Gaia spends less than this, like, um, we're like a $20 million fund raised company. Like, um, so, so, uh, you know, we just, we want to be lean, if we want to be successful at being lean and, like, we can't contributors coming in thinking this is a piggy bank, um, it's not, like, this is an opportunity to build something really cool.  And we want people to get paid for their work. Like, uh, you know, it's, uh, it's kind of ridiculous, people are just like throwing a number at the thing and hoping to God that, like, it lands on the spreadsheet and someone approves it.  And, you know, I just, I haven't seen Joe, like, arguing the rates. I negotiate rates all day, like, with people.  It's, because it's not fair, like, you've been bushing or ask something. It's not fair that you, like, maybe take a cut, and then someone else comes in, and it's like, you know, they immediately get approved for some arbitrary number that only kicks in if, like, we do a token.  So, I just want to make sure everyone that's actually contributing is, you know, people are at reasons, and gets paid appropriately, and we're not going to pay anybody unless we get the TV.  So, for sure. Because I've seen it before, I'm like, we're going to raise, when, like, in our heads, we're telling each other, like, oh, yeah, we'll raise, we'll raise.  But what happens if we only pull an outer kick? And everyone had all these hopes and dreams of, like, raising my money, and that we don't even have enough money to do the TV, because you need, like, money for market makers.  think people... are going to start, you know, falling out of the boat. And I just want to share people are motivated.  And, and like, even from Gaia, like, you know, we just can't, we've already spent a lot of money, we can't have any more risk.  I'm just hoping people can understand where we're coming from. You know, I want this in the wind. But like, thinking that there's infinite pockets here is just not not true.  Yeah. So, but like James and I, we're like, okay, we want to clean up the ship. I wanted to do a few because budgets, one thing, but like, I would love to hear from you, like, you're just like high level strategy for marketing because I picture you and correct if I'm wrong, but I picture you inside of marketing.  And I would love to know, like, you know, expectations, like strategy for the marketing org. Where's the big vision?  At least for the next two months. And what kind of resources do you need to get that done? And if that includes your pay, like let's mark that down, then I'm gonna go to bat for, you know, prioritize your work.  I also need to know like who else is on marketing? Like I don't, I've been able to have a loop.  We'll have to know like who's kind of supporting you and who should be considered headcount.

9:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sure. Yeah, I appreciate actually having this conversation. I think Joe's mostly the loop on it, but I'll kind of give you my candid take on how things are going.  So I'm kind of like seeing stuff as like head of all things growth. So marketing being, know, awareness building and stuff like that.  But I'm also thinking about long-term our developer ecosystem and kinds of that. And actually have plans for season zero and like notes for beyond CGE and like what that actually looks like when we have more money to play with and actually like really scaling those things.  Thanks. I'll start at first from what the work plan is, which we'll just take a few minutes to summarize, and then we can send some docs after this call if you really want to peruse.  Then I'll talk about headcount and it's been working, but it's not been working. So from a strategic perspective, there's two directions that I see growth hanging in.  The first is all about generating demands, because at the end of the day when you're getting a network, kind of set up, you can focus on the supply side, which I know you're really interested in on, we're interested in getting lots of agents on boarded.  For sure, we're going to be focused on that. But the other thing is what are the use cases, who is coming on to the mother registry and using it, what are they typing in, like what kind of things are we really helping with, and what are the gaps between me as like, say I'm a, say I'm like a CMO at another company and I'm like, I heard of the mother registry.  What's the gap between I just come in and I use an interface and I at this swarm that automatically like does this workflow that I want and where we're at right now.  So like getting really clear on that so that we can kind of like meet halfway because my understanding is like to get this protocol like fully fully fully functioning like it's not going to be ready for your TGE like where it's like just operating orchestration is done coordination is done payments are working there's like thousands I think it's going to be a tougher lift based on where the product to that right now.  So I want to know like what are those specific use cases that we can put on our websites for very specific audiences so I've already drawn up a whole project around a pilot program that I want to start I've been racing for people to come back to Denver to start messaging them and like getting people involved getting people like I've ordered yeah real quick to jump in if generating demand is your first like objective what would be like some key results or like KPIs what else yeah so what I'm starting with  First, let me pull up my plan exactly so I can take a look, but basically the way I accept the strategy is I kind of have it here.  My S season 0 of activation. So basically like what I'm focused on is I have like my demand side of my priority looking at what I've been calling like AI ready organizations.  I actually see I think that all you have doing a TGE soon-ish.

12:28 - Matt Wright
  Uh April, I'm hoping.

12:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, so like Gaia is like an AI ready organization. I know that you all are ready to outsource workflows autonomously.  Can you know, high conviction organizations and organizations that are willing to spend on that kind of agent development. I also by the way, Ben Perez, I know that you are recommended Ben Perez kind of get involved.  So him and I worked on this together basically. Okay. Yeah, so this is kind of like what we're thinking is the best way to generate.  He's going to focus a little bit, I think more on the agent. side. Also, Alex, I know his heads like really there.  But what I think that we're looking for is we're looking for committed organizations as a first KPI. We're looking to actually document use cases with specific requirements.  And we're looking to measure kind of like satisfaction with the process and then get testimonials and then actually start dropping those use cases around.  If I can get the CMO of company and I can help them automate a very key workflow for them, it's actually quite common for lots of CMOs.  Like that's a huge win. We can just shop that around. don't actually, I think there's so much thought that needs to go into that so much more thought like how are we charging for that and how does that work, whatever it is.  Mostly I just want to make sure that the tech works and that there's a demand for it. Because if there's demand for it, then later on we can justify how much it costs and thought about all that kind of stuff.  So that's kind of like how I'm envisioning it. Is this demand? and driven pilot project, pilot program, and at the same time, I want to be doing like, I haven't here, we're going to be doing agent onboarding, which we're already kind of like well underway with that, we're just waiting for like onboarding to be possible on the registry, and I want to continue interviewing like lots of different organizations on what their pain points are and validating those as well.  So I have kind of like a generated list of potential pain points for like, before managing treasuries and dows and you know, CTOs and whatever it is, but we want to like try to come up with those use cases in advance and see like what agent swarms can actually, given the current state of agents and swarms, what they can actually sell.  So that's kind of like one of, I think like a really important program to start. I'll just pause there and listen to any reactions and I can walk you through some more stuff.  Yeah, my only reaction, this is great.

14:50 - Matt Wright
  My only reaction that would be, if we were to narrow visual marketing, like. For me, so I understand the man, so I think the story actually here is like the key indicators are, you know, helpful to like guide us in the weeds, but I think if we're trying to motivate the team across the stack, like what is, what are we marketing, what are we, what does grow up accountable for?  I think it's like driving the next generation of agents and one big, so driving the next generation of which, you know, is demand of agents, is that correct, like, you want to actual agents on the right side?

15:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, yeah, is that totally, totally? that's a whole thing of its own, right? Because like, where, what is the current state of agents and where are they at?  Most agents don't have revenue models yet, most agents are not like really that functional, they don't have the tech to actually coordinate and orchestrate with each other.  Anyway, I'm interrupting.

15:53 - Matt Wright
  So that's, no, no, that's, you know, I'm just really phrasing everything you already have, but like, you know, Like, I like to think about OKRs as like more big pie than sky things that have key results from KPIs that like push that narrative.  So if it's like drive the next generation of AI agents, then it's like either number of agents and the number of quality agents, number of agents on the registry, I think it's probably the more appropriate KPI.  One really cool phrase that marketing with mother and gaya should go to market with. I really want to focus on this and it will drive that number for you.  It was something that for now came up with, was like what is mother, like mother is unstoppable passive incomparations.  I love that. I love So good. That's literally what I see.

16:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm building my own agent right now.

16:58 - Matt Wright
  Yeah. Yeah.

17:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  director agent, and it works with designers and stuff like that. And that's what I see it. I can unleash it into the world.  And like, it's just autonomously doing work and generating income.

17:13 - Matt Wright
  Mark your agent. it make passive income. like, unstoppable is kind of where mother or where guy fits in. But like, the passive income for agent is mother.  So yeah, I think if the objective of marketing in general, like, if someone goes, what is marketing doing, what is growth doing?  And it's like, we are, we are driving the next generation of AI agents, or we're driving the scale of the next generation of AI agents.  And then you can say, what does that mean?

17:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's, you know, for agents.

17:46 - Matt Wright
  then how do we do that? It's like, well, number of agents on the registry. And so every marketing activity pushes to that.

17:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's the supply side.

17:56 - Matt Wright
  That's the supply side.

17:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Because if we go to a market right now, we have a thousand. on our registry, that doesn't mean anyone's going to come and use them.  And that actually puts us on the same page as a lot of these other marketplaces as well. That's what I'm trying to build with this pilot program.

18:14 - Matt Wright
  So you're saying companies that would request an agent? Precisely, yeah.

18:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  many customers do we have? I'm thinking about this model that Netflix used called the Gem Model. We have to focus on growth, engagement, or monetization.  Right now, think we're focusing on groups. It's like, how many people are using our platform to solve problems? If I could go to you and tell you that that's 100 users in the last month user platform, it's not like a ton, but I'd say that's a great start.  Like, people are literally coming to HelloMother.ai clicking into the interface and like, help me with this workflow. And like, that's great.  Like, that's huge. And then later we can talk about harmonizing that and how we're figuring out the behind that.  I just want to hope that there's a main for this. No, that makes no sense.

19:00 - Matt Wright
  It's the same thing. Like we're building next generation of AI agents and then the key result, the metric is instead of like number of agents on the registry, it's a number of some sort of either traffic or conversion of customers.  Yes, exactly.

19:16 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Exactly. Job's completed. And I still, we're still chasing number of agents on the registry. I want you to know that's like a secondary metric and there's going to be different activations because there's different messaging for AI agents like the passive income thing.  that's all they want is more distribution. So we're going to be fully focused on that. The live streams have been working really well for curating amazing relationships with these like high quality builders.  So we definitely have that on the go as well.

19:45 - Matt Wright
  Cool. So that's kind of like what I think in terms of growth.

19:47 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. And like at the same time, there's like some more foundational stuff actually sharing my screen. And then are you okay to go over like five minutes?  Sure. Okay. Uh, just to like more positioning, market positioning stuff. I have like a competitive analysis that I just finished like yesterday.  So I'm just kind of like really nailing our value propositions, like the talking points about what makes this difference so we can actually have value cards like when we actually go into these different conversations, we know exactly how to answer these different things.  So that's kind of like a product marketing framework. I'm thinking about our content engine. Lots of amazing educational contests.  we're seen as like a very trusted source for what's really going on in the agents to agents, commerce, like economy, if you will.  I want to position this as a forefront there. Um, yeah, I think, I think that's kind of like the gist of the gist of things on that front.  Cool. Um, let's do this, by the way. Yeah.

20:44 - Matt Wright
  it's just a little loud. can find it.

20:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, this is my little house where I keep on the docks. So you can always go there. You can always see what I'm working on as well all night.  I like really like project management stuff. So you can always see everything is like fully up to date in terms of all of like our marketing.  objects and like the tasks and all this kind of stuff as well. Cool. So let's talk about headcounts and staffing and how that's been going.  So basically like on my team has kind of been like people that I've like worked mostly with, I would say, or like Alex Francesco, Zena, and there's also this guy zero eight and co-unity and I'll go through all of their ways.  So wait, say the names again? Yeah, so Francesco, yep, Alex, Zena, zero eight, call zero eight, and then the co-unity team.  What are they, I don't know co-unity is doing, but what's zero eight doing? zero eight is just helping with the live stream.  So I'll explain what you've been Oh Francesco's been raving about him, so I told him what you guys. Okay.  Yeah, I'm figuring it out exactly what he's doing right now. He's been supporting Yeah, I had some issues with Alex and then he's come through and then I've had some issues and he's come through so I'm still kind of Like stuffing it out It's a common thing just by the way.

22:21 - Matt Wright
  I think he's a lovely lovely guys are helpful, but The way I've described it is he'll bring forth a hundred questions and maybe one execution Yeah, that's it's very common in the web three space a lot of like really great thinkers and not like and a zero to what?

22:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's great in a like kind of like a ten to a hundred environment I'd say but in a zero to one like we just we can't have as much strategic conversations We just need to make some choices and like be wrong a bunch of times.

22:51 - Matt Wright
  Yeah, I I love in the deck, but man, I end up educating too much and it burns me out and that's why Yeah, I'm not being involved in a lot of  Sure.

23:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So I think that's kind of been my relationship with Alex so far. I'm kind of like taking a role.  have a background in like professional coach, so I just been kind of like coaching a little bit. But yeah, like if I had like if you were telling me like Jonathan you know start your ghost team from scratch would I have Alex on?  don't know if you would make the cut, I might hire someone else. But for now it's still he does like his questions do help and I do use them.  And I do believe that one thing one thing that is his best quality is probably he's not attached to any outcome.  He just genuinely is looking for answers and he doesn't care what it is. Which is like a helpful mindset to take.  So I'm working with that or something. Yeah that's going to be a super difficult conversation. Yeah we can talk about when we want to do that if we want to do that.  Francesco has been like whatever. Francesco shows up for the live stream. That's what he does. He's like a celebrity.

24:01 - Matt Wright
  Yeah. He's like a celebrity.

24:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We're probably overpaying him as a KOL because he's claiming, you know, 20, 25 hours a week. I mean, he's not working 20, 25 hours a week.  He's working baby five hours a week. But if I, if I, in my head, I'm like, okay, well, he's a KOL.  So we kind of need to pay him like good money for his following and blah, blah. Then like he's a slightly overpriced KOL at this point.  Okay.

24:24 - Matt Wright
  This is super helpful feedback. Yeah. Yeah. So what kind of people are you missing on your team?

24:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm not sure. Yeah.

24:36 - Matt Wright
  It feels like you don't have a marketing manager or like a proper, like, I guess two unities that your community manager.  Yeah.

24:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  But they're super expensive community manager. I looked at how much they've been charging the last few months.

24:51 - Matt Wright
  It's nuts.

24:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Like the community, like, no shade back, but like, I don't think it really matters right now. Like the builders coming into Discord are like so.  are down the funnel, like those are builders who are just figuring out what how to build agents. Like we need almost built or built agents at this point to onboard through registry.  that what's great is that they're an agency, so I almost feel like we could like reduce our engagement with them and like hire them later and it's not a big deal.
  ACTION ITEM: Meet Co-unity team (in 27 mins); request project list and time allocation details
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR?timestamp=1513.9999  It's not like an employee where you're letting them go and they're going to look for another job and you don't get them again.

25:23 - Matt Wright
  I'm already having that conversation.

25:24 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I've been asking them for three weeks for their project list and they still haven't delivered it. I'm meeting with them in 27 minutes and I'm going to ask again, where's your project list and how much time are you working on these things and I just have zero visibility.  So yeah, so I have a feeling that we're over resourced there and then zero eight, like zero eight is doing great.
  ACTION ITEM: Review Zero8's role; consider reducing rate to $30-35/hour for 15-20 hours/week
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR?timestamp=1538.9999  He's not my favorite coordinator but like coordinators that are doing grunt work. Like I can't have like two high expectations or he's getting paid like right now 16 hours, which is like too much for a corporation.  coordinator for what he's doing. And attention to detail isn't always the best. So, but I have it. Like, I don't know who I can't tell you like, Oh, I know exactly who I would hire instead.  I had a coordinator like this when I was at get coin and it was the same thing. I had to double check most of the things he's doing.  He was pretty deep. was like $30, $35 an hour. It worked fine. He is in a way to impact a little bit better.  So if I could just reduce his rate to $30, $35 an hour, I would love to have him around.  He's doing about 15 to 20 hours a week and it completely removes most of the live stream work from my, which is, which frees me up to do a lot more other things, like driving this pilot program and working with James and Collab and stuff and stuff and stuff.

26:45 - Matt Wright
  And then the last one is Zina.

26:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's really tricky because Zina is in like the circles that Jo drew. He saw half ops, half growth. And yeah, I think that's fine.

27:00 - Matt Wright
  Yeah, it's just a weird place.

27:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  would have a partnerships B.D. person, like fully on growth. Zina's amazing at just kind of like getting out there and like talking to people.  I think as like a sales person, like, could you, like, I didn't know, I did a ton of sales.  They don't tell you this when you become a professional coach, but I was a coach school and like, all right, I'm going to start a business, I'm going to coach everybody.  And then I spent 90% of my time selling coaching instead of actually coaching. So I learned a lot about sales and like, you know, how to sell and people hate being convinced and hate being sold.  So like, what does it look like to have a conversation where you're selling them what it doesn't feel like they're being sold.  So I think that Zina could use to work with that. Otherwise, she's like ruthless, so she'll just get done where she needs to get done.  A little on the strategy side, this is obviously like her first time doing partnerships B.D. So I have a feeling that once we move to one to 10, that I'll be lacking a strategic partner in that sense, and I'll be doing more mentoring than partnering.  Which is And I think I don't know a ton about partnerships, but Matt, I am ruthless with LMS, okay?  They have many answers for me. So I can often fudge my way through things. yeah, I say that's kind of like the thing with Xena right now is just that she's in all the partnership conversations.  And I would say that I wouldn't see her as a strategic partner, but as an execution partner, she's amazing.

28:28 - Matt Wright
  Okay, amazing.

28:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's kind of the lay of the land, I think, from a growth perspective right now. And yeah, like, I guess the one major change I would make is like a solid number two.

28:42 - Matt Wright
  Yeah. And I'm not talking about the bathroom.

28:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm talking about co-pilot. So I realized I spent that. Yeah, like a really solid co-pilot who I could like count on on the execution side.  It's almost like I wish I could just like take Alex and have him like execute just a little bit.  Or like we got off line yesterday. It was probably like 2 p.m. Hold on. He's just calling to have a meeting.  Oh, yeah, I got a meeting too.

29:08 - Matt Wright
  But I can wait a minute.
  ACTION ITEM: Create detailed 30-60-90 day plan for Alex with clear expectations and deliverables
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR?timestamp=1763.9999

29:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, like, for example, like, I probably have like overly high expectations. When I have an eight hour day, like I just got a lock on my eight hour day.  And when I look at what's maybe done in an eight hour day for Alex, like, I'm not sure what his calendar looks like right now.  So I like, I would put him on a that's what I would do right now. I gave like a really clear like 30, 60, 90 day plan here, like exact things that you need to do.
  ACTION ITEM: Search for potential marketing lead to support Jonathan's team
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR?timestamp=1784.9999  And then if you can hit the 30 mark rate, let's do the 60 day mark and so on. So that's what I would do.

29:50 - Matt Wright
  Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. I'd also, I'll do my best to find your marketing lead.

30:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I have I have also amazing amazing marketing content. there's a marketing manager at get coin. Well, he's actually a brand manager.  I would love to bring him on our team, Harry. But I think we need to like suss out like what is it exactly that I need so that I can get a sense of what needs to get done right now.  I can't tell you exactly what I need. I just need like people to do  for me without me having to explain every single detail.  Like I want to give just a few instructions and they can kind of figure out what to do. And then otherwise, I mean, I have like, yeah, because I was doing marketing and get coins.  I could contact a few people that I would love to work with. Again, they're like the dream team. But I don't know if they're available to work.  And open to Ryan from my team talk to you as well.

30:50 - Matt Wright
  if there's like ways that he can be lent some research is in the meantime.

30:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sure. He had That my experience with Ryan is that he's super overwhelmed right now and generally he's overwhelmed So I haven't wanted.  I just haven't really wanted to count on him for things. Um, and I think it's fine. Um, But at least I'll see if he's got any ideas of like who we could bring in Yeah Because really it's the time like I don't need more strategic advising which Ryan could do I need someone to like put in the hours to like get you done.
  ACTION ITEM: Review team structure and budget; identify areas to reduce bloat and increase efficiency
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/Qxuj6TyDoKKzJHjGUzxJ-9e45iLaZpJR?timestamp=1881.9999  Yeah Let me think on all this.

31:29 - Matt Wright
  Let me think about this is super helpful information dude. Um, yeah for sure But yeah, I just wanted to let you know like I'm I want to dive deeper into these things because there's a There's a bit of bloat and like looking at this I now understand why like the team Uh, and like honestly you and Ryan would be much more efficient than this current stack.  Um I think so.

31:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Uh, yeah.

31:54 - Matt Wright
  so let's think through how to do that. Um, cool man Uh, I will tell you later bro Appreciate it.  I'm good. Thanks for having me. Cheers. Ciao, Matt. You did. .
