Mother Status - July 09
VIEW RECORDING - 16 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/uZ3p7kukphLvHh-sxsiQc5icsF1EMUyE

---

0:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I know Matt's back. don't know if he's going to come or not. He hasn't said yes, he hasn't said no, so I say we can proceed without him.

0:13 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, real quick, I am so close with the bot, I have one final, some contract issue that I'm dealing with when it comes to ERC-20 approvals.  It's a regression. It used to work. I don't know why it's not working now. It's so frustrating. Man, the vibe coding works, and it's great, but the more iterations you do, it loses its previous history or memory.  No matter how I try to set checkpoints in files for it to reference, the closer you get to finishing, what it's soon.  Lat A project, the harder it is to steer, I would say.

1:02 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Dude, it's, I mean, isn't that everything, like 80%, for getting that first 80%, it's like fine, but then getting that last 20, it's just like pulling out hair.

1:11 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I am, I am literally pulling my hair out. Oh my gosh.

1:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

1:18 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  But very close, as they say. No worries, all good.

1:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Their TGE might move back at most a few days, but it's like pretty set. Oh, cool. Maybe actually, Ryan's saying it might move back like a week, but it's going to happen like July.  Yeah, it's like a listing situation. Like it's not about when marketing wants to start, it's like they're just figuring their listing situation.

1:44 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. So, yeah. Is it like, is it like how they coordinate movie releases? Because, you know, you don't want all these movies coming out on the same day.  And I know that like pump.fun is having their tokens killed. Oh. Pretty soon. So it's like, you have to calendar it, but people aren't coordinating like movie studios are.  No, I don't think so.

2:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I don't think that Gaia is in touch with Pumped Up Fun or whatever it is. But I mean, the listing agent...  Oh, yeah, actually, that's a good point. Maybe they are thinking about that. I think Gaia is super hard on Korea, so I have a feeling that Pumped Up Fun isn't necessarily targeting the Korean market specifically.  Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Okay, cool. That's fine. I put together a deck. I've already shown it to Ian, who is the ecosystem lead at Gaia.  Let's see if I can pull it up. Is it here? Hold on a second. Where is it? So basically, like, it's kind of presenting a lot of what we talked about.  I'm missing... Some of the details and exactly how it works, but it's like kind of talking about the opportunity, framing it as like the AI Sovereignty Alliance, talking about Gaia, moving into Lid, moving into Influition, moving into Mother.  I kind of put this expanding. Recall doesn't really fit in here if they're going to launch like end of Q4.  It really depends on when we launch the Mother token. So if we're going to do the Mother token, like we just spoke about September.  We don't have to do September, especially with Matt. I know Matt loves to move talk about moving super fast, but like they also had a TGE that was supposed to go off in March and now it's like July and they're pushing in another week.  know what I mean? So like, I don't think we have to necessarily capture on September. They're also going to be super distracted with Korea blockchain week, but we could use that as a thing if we can get all these launched in time.  And we feel like there's enough momentum there. I would say, what if the Mother TGE was in October?

3:59 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. It could be in October.

4:01 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  The reason I just put September is because, like, that's from Korea Blockchain Weekends. Oh, I see. And Matt was like, okay, well, we're hosting the after party.  He's probably wondering what it would it take to put Mother's name on it, because we're a portfolio company of Gaia.  So that's how they're seeing us. They have Mother updates at Gaia weekly. So they're very invested in the success.  It's just Shank, who's, I think, a little bit like, eh. But Sydney's invested. Matt wants success. Toby's working on it.  know what mean? So, like, it's a thing. People want it to happen. People are interested in it. And it's very related to their business.  Now that I'm kind of learning more about it, like, it's super, super related. Like, they're all about, they're also kind of like with Mother.  They're solving a problem about agents that they see coming. They're not like a super strong business model, but they've managed to get funding for it.  Yeah. their success, if they can be successful in their business, Mother is going to be unstoppable. Yeah. Yeah. So their theory, if they're  The paper and their theory of change is right, then we're right as well, so yeah, we can change it to October, we can do whatever timing, and then we can talk to the recall team as well, just my experience so far with these TGEs is like, it always moves back, so if recall is saying, oh Q4, man, that could be, that could be 2-2-2026, so like, I'm less excited about waiting for them, but I'm sure that, I guess one thing that was kind of asking, I wanted to talk about on Monday is like, I guess I'm trying to get a better sense of like, what is the connection really behind all of these different things, like, let me pull up the slides, like, what is the connection here, so the way I position it is like, you know, the strategic vision, it's a coordinated TGE thing about AI thing, and everyone has benefits, mother benefits the most, we got the recall as the option, and it's just all about a coordinated launch timeline, so there's different phases, we have different in there, process.  And different emphasis at different times. What's great is that intuition is working directly with Gaia as well. So there's an integration path there.  So they're super locked in together. don't know how lit's involved with Gaia. think just Matt and David are probably on great terms, but I don't know if they're integrated.  And then what I really wanted to talk about was the cross-ecosystem token holder benefits. Like, what are the benefits for token holders?  And like, what's the mechanics? Because other than a narrative, which I think is the strongest part for us, right?  It's really about this, like, I don't know if this is the way we go, but like the way that I pitched it is like this AI sovereignty alliance where communities own their own intelligence.

6:46 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah.

6:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And we're empowering that future. And that's super Gaia focused, but I feel like other people can align behind it.  I think that's super aligned.

6:55 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  It's aligned with Collabland as well. Okay. Super. Well, y'all already...

7:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  TGE, so you don't get to partake, but you can still like pump it up, like obviously Collablend, we'll figure out a way, don't know if I'm working with your partner or with Chibi, I don't remember her name, but I don't know who I'm working with to like, because Collablend is going to want to promote Mother, you're to want to promote any community that's running a TGE and is like dated by Collablend, we want to get Collablend involved in, like everyone in Web3 is just like, wow, what are these like seven companies just pumping in each other up all the time doing, there's like a network effect there, so the narrative I think is strong, Ian's aligned, Sydney's aligned, so that's a super easy thing, I'm going to try and get intuition aligned this week, and same with Lit as well, I want to present something a little bit more substantial, but this is kind of what I have to present so far, I guess it's the mechanics, like yeah, like how does it really work, because the only way that I thought about it straight up right now is that it's a comms play, and then at the end, that's the way doing  Gaia token holders, Lit token holders, and Intuition token holders qualify for Mother. That's it.

8:06 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, I think that it gets really complicated really fast if you have these tokens, try and work together. Okay, okay.  Because when you call them financially, then there are so many different attack vectors. What you want to do is we want to just keep it at the narrative level.  Okay, perfect. That's it. Great. We don't want to get complicated. We can come up with fancy mechanism designs, but that will happen over time naturally, organically.  Okay. We don't want to force anything because then it ruins the individual project's token dynamics. Yeah. Okay, cool.

8:49 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So what I'll do is I'll talk to Intuition and Lit separately and just ask them if they're interested. I don't know what their token dynamics are because the one thing I put in this slide, as you can see, it's verified.  to Thanks, everybody. Bye. Bye. So TGE happens for Gaia, and then I collect a bunch of tokens, and I stake them.  And it would be really cool if all of a sudden Lit is like, hey, have you staked Gaia TGE?  You qualify for an airdrop. That's it. I'll these tokens. And then you can stake them as well, and people who staked Lit tokens and Gaia tokens, like if you stake Lit tokens, you get some, and if you stake both, then you get even more from Intuition.  And then the same thing is we have these multiplier rewards, without actually saying that we're going to do that, but hinting all the time that the more you stake on these projects, the more you're going to get when the payoff comes with Mother TGE.  That's exactly right.

9:45 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I talked to David at Lit Protocol, and he verbally said that's a great idea, and they can slice off some of their token allocation.  So it's just figuring out what the number is, the details. Okay, okay, super.

9:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So then what I'm... What do is I'm going to record a video after a call. I'll just kind of do a five minute presentation.  This way I don't have to get, I've been trying to like avoid getting on calls with people. Yeah. Just like, Matt's recorder is here.  That's fine. I'm going to talk to him about Matt. I told him at ECC as well. I've been working at Gaia now for a week and like a week and a half.  And I can tell you right now that that organization is addicted to meetings. So I'm going to send a loom video to Eli and let him know about kind of like this game plan and get him enrolled.  Yeah. And then I'll send the same one to Billy. And then, you know, we can just start talking mechanics and getting that sorted out.

10:42 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah.

10:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cause they really, we don't, I don't really care what their mechanics are. just want to know that they're committed to dropping tokens.  And then they just let us know what those mechanics are so that when we are coming up with the mother mechanics that we can consider all those things.  Right. That's kind of the idea. Uh, yeah.

10:59 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I mean, right now. learning Yeah, It's just, you know, alt season, and people want to qualify for more airdrops, and so you participate in one, and it's not like directly said, but, you know, it can be.  I think that the regulation and all of this, the climate has really changed, so you can not give a specific number, but you can say there will be other rewards.  Yeah. So I think we can kind of be a bit more aggressive. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, I think so, too.

11:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I'm also watching the news very closely, and despite all the chaos in the state, one thing that's kind of seeming to move in a decent direction is, you know, some normalization around tokenized everything, really.  So, okay, so I'm going to get that, I'm going to get those conversations started. If there are other communities that you know that are launching TGE that's specifically full.  change lot go. I're The thing is that they might be like, oh, can we expand it a little bit?  Like a millimeter, I'll expand it. But it has to fit pretty similarly in this narrative. You know what I mean?  I would love it. The more, the better, really. So if it's something that these token communities you hear about, they're doing TGE, and they can get behind AI sovereignty, then we should get them in the fold.  And it will only help them, and it will only help us. I'd say the more, the better. Yeah, I think we get this momentum.

12:33 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I've been actually reading some kind of chat texts because people were like, oh, how did DeFi Summer emerge? And there are these threads that talk about how, like, Aave, Compound, Uniswap, they all kind of fell into a cohort together and randomly just helped.  And it was the strength of, you know, just kind of creating that cohort that really propelled you by summer, along with COVID.  So I think what we're trying to do is mimic this kind of network effect, because we can go out stronger together than individually.  And then this will lead into like a staking agent, airdrop agents, like all of these different agents to kind of manage all the complexity for you.  But yeah, I'll look for other projects that are launching. Honestly, at this point, kind of like recall, it's more of a bonus.

13:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Like if we can get more, but I think Lit, Intuition, Gaia into Mother, super strong.

13:49 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  That's kind of what we've always been getting for.

13:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. That's like the main update I have. I think that I'll probably like, I haven't been working on marketing.  Materials, because that stuff I can make up pretty quickly. We have a strategy, have all the documents. I can whip up content really quickly.  And people don't really care too much about content. I've been changing my tone on content. It's not about putting it out every day.  It's just a few really strong posts that we have money behind through GigBot.

14:22 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And that's it.

14:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So once the Gaia TGE goes live, that's when we start endorsing the Gaia TGE, and then they start talking about MotherTech.  And I think we keep it simple. Cool. Awesome. Cool. That's my main update. Thank you. Well, so Friday, also this Friday, I don't think I'm going to come to the call.  I have some of that. It's just so tough. It's like Fridays at 8pm. Everyone is out and being like, yo, Jonathan, like, come on, let's go.  Yeah.

14:56 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So often it does work, but like sometimes, like this Friday, I have a concert. So I'm going Okay. All right.  You do your thing. Appreciate it.

15:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  What I can do is I can record a video of this presentation. Yeah.

15:06 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Great.

15:07 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And we can just make sure everyone's alive. Yeah. Awesome. Excellent.

15:11 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. And I'm going to be pushing forward just trying to get this last issue. Amazing. Amazing.

15:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. Awesome. Thanks.

15:20 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Have a great day. Bye.
