Mother WWWS - May 16
VIEW RECORDING - 37 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/csvrQbwMscBfFr6uXngsyyyoqzDn7XdE

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Too bad. Yeah, awesome. All right. And so some coordination that's going to happen there. I'm also talking with Lit as well.  And so we'll do an intro when Eli at Lit is ready. So he's prepping a few things. But with that, we're two minutes in.  I can give a status update. And those are all the housekeeping items I have. So maybe before I give a status update, pause there, if any questions or any other comments or anything else that we want to add to the agenda.  Okay, cool. Well, I've been addicted to vibe coding and it's just pretty interesting. And I see a lot of potential.  So with the status update, I would like to give some context. So we are reforming what we were doing originally with the starter kit, because when we started the agent starter kit back in December, that was before MCP was released, A2A was released.  There are now these other protocols that are also being released that are really quite fascinating, but I won't go into those.  So we're focusing on MCP and A2A. And so with that, what we are doing is restructuring. So instead of having agent devs be able to integrate into the starter kit, everything will be MCP A2A based.  And with that, we are having a reference implementation. It's this orchestrator agent that would allow one agent. In a Discord or Telegram, to be able to orchestrate and do everything that we were planning to do with the starter kit.  This actually has given us a lot of great signal because what we originally thought we needed to do was have these protocols that simulated MCP and A to A, but we don't have to now.  We can just leverage industry standards, and it seems like MCP is the standard. It only came out, I think, in January already.  Five months later, it's become a standard, and A to A is... which was released, I think, in March as well, also is now quickly becoming a standard because they're from the heavyweights, Anthropic, and Google.  And so with that, I wanted to experiment with an approach where we could go market quickly, but also integrate these protocols.  And so I spent an exorbitant amount of time just... Chatting with an agent in design mode and being able to design what I wanted the Starter Kit with MCP and 8AA to do, but also go to market quickly so that we don't have these complexities of all these protocols.  So it knows the context of what this longer roadmap and the Starter Kit integration with MCP and 8AA is, but we're starting out with what we're calling this kind of monolith, and then we can decompose as we actually get more agents.  So what I have done is put everything in a notes file for any future dev to be able to take a look at, and then I also created what's called an llms.txt file so that any IDE agent can have full context of every single commit, every single decision, all of that.  And then I worked on creating about 300 unit tests to make sure that this monolith, when it gets decomposed, and if I or someone else were to continue working on this, taking the monolith structure with the context of MCP and A2A along the way, it doesn't hallucinate.  And so this is what we've discussed previously in our daily standups, was this approach where we have these guardrails, where we have the design guardrail on the left, just kind of mentally visualized, and then unit tests on the right, so that when you vibe code, everything in the middle doesn't really matter.  You don't even have to check the code, because as long as it adheres to the design, and it passed all the tests, who cares what the code is?  And that's, I think, the future of live coding. And, uh, and, I'm going to demo just kind of a very simple poll in Discord right now.  It's kind of ugly, to be honest, but this is where the feedback comes in. So I'm going to jump into it.  If I can find my Discord, where is Discord? One second. I have to bring it to top of screen.  And then, shoot, I can't, it's not, I'm just going to share my whole screen. This might get funky. So you can see my Discord screen.  This is my own, like, testing server that I have. The Orchestrator agent, before I run this command, it's just a slash ask.  So you just slash ask, and this Orchestrator agent goes out, and in the multi-agent world, we'll be able to figure out through MCP and A2A.  The main point of this poll or this quiz that I'm going to show you is it uses smart accounts under the hood.  These smart accounts are automatically created if you are just in a Discord or a Telegram through Collabcalm's account kit.  And that means anyone that's in the mother AI Discord or any Discord where this orchestrator is put in will be able to allow users to do on-chain transactions without having to leave chat.  And so in this simple demo, it's a slash ask, you put in a URL of the quiz that you want to create, so you give it some in AI context.  So what we were aiming to do was to get a guide. Ednode up and running so that we can use Gaia node as inference, but it doesn't look like that was set up in time.  So what I've done is I just am using OpenAI for now. So in the URL, I tell the orchestrator agent forward this over to an inference engine or whatever platform, OpenAI for now.  Grab that blog post, What is Ethereum? The token attribute is the token that you want to use for the quiz.  What chain it's on and the amount. So right now, the on-chain aspect is simulated. But the idea is that when you create a quiz, you put a pot of tokens in.  And I have the smart contracts written, but I don't have it integrated. I into this poll functionality yet, I wanted to show this quiz functionality first, just from a UI UX perspective, but the contracts have already been written, the way that the quiz contracts are written is that the pot that whenever you set this up for like, let's say 5000, 75% of the pot is split up to just winners, 25% of the pot is set up for people that get the wrong answer.  No one gets revealed the answer until the quiz has closed. There's a default expiry of one day. And what we're hoping to do is get people back into the community every day with a new quiz.  And once the quiz has finished, then in the mother AI discord, we have test tokens called seeds. People get seeds.  And these are these on chain points. it's there's aanta-thing, find flested, That can be converted into whatever asset you want in the future, but this will be all logged on-chain.  So what we're trying to do is turn Discord interactions to on-chain events through this Orchestrator agent. So I put in my parameters.  I review. Okay, I want to create the quiz. And then this quiz is created. And I can answer. You know, quiz questions, I can only answer once, and then all my answers are logged.  When the quiz closes, then you get allocated the points. I had to work on the smart contracts because we had to, there's just some game theory there.  If more people answer wrong questions than right, correct questions, the people that answer the wrong questions shouldn't get a higher proportional doesn't are uh, that already, ahead.  that I That hands the right questions, there's attack vectors, and all these other things that I spent asking the agent.  So this will turn into an orchestrator agent, a quiz agent, a distribution agent, and a solidity verifier agent, and then this kind of adversarial agent.  The adversarial agent tries to poke holes into whatever you're trying to create, just to make sure that, you know, we try to have some semblance of security here.  And these agents will be more filled out as time goes on, but this is how we're starting. And I've been pleasantly surprised with the approach here when it comes to setting up and spending a lot of time crafting the design phase of what we're trying to build, because it serves as a foundation.  And I want to be able to make sure that we could leverage this over time, and it just gets better and more robust.  And then on the flip side, working on the test cases so that if there's any hallucinations, we can catch them whenever, or if the, when you're vibe coding, it hallucinates.  So I think this is a good approach. I've just learned about Repli and its new agent interface where it has a lot of Web2 kind of prevent protections so that you don't give the chat API keys or secrets and you don't submit them into GitHub and all of that.  So I'm going to take from that as well, and then add some Web3 security measures. And it would be great to work with any agent devs that are working on agents to come.  Kind of audit and verify smart contracts. So we'll be able to pull that in. And the foundation of what we built in this orchestrator can pull in any agent via MCP or A2A.  And that's kind of the roadmap. And this is what we're set. We're hoping to deploy this soon in the Mother AI Discord.  And we can test this out. And it serves as a reference implementation for other Discord and Telegram servers. The approach here is to just see this because we have these different TGE events that are happening.  And can we use this not only to make sure that we have a community engaged toward TGE, but post-TGE, can a community stay active and involved?  I will stop there. I will stop sharing. And. I'm it over to Tosh or Coach J to kind of fill in the rest in terms of this approach here, but I just wanted to provide status with regards to kind of this new kind of orchestrator agent that we're building out that's going to serve as a foundation.  But I also see Alessandro has a question. Is there time for questions? Yeah, this is free form. Feel free to ask questions.  I was curious, I think I'm just trying to understand the orchestrator, like how does that play into the quiz?

13:38 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  Because you kind of like knew, like when you typed in the quiz parameters, did it search mother's registry and then like hire the bot that does that quiz well?  Yeah, right now it's all hard coded. That's a great question.

13:57 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  But yes, the orchestrator agent. great question. So I'm Should be an agent that knows who to hire and what other agent to elicit for this.  And we have spec'd out this kind of weighted reputation system based off of the community as well. And this is where intuition comes in, where we can actually use signal from intuition to let the orchestrator agent know what is the most appropriate agent.  And specifically for the context of that community. And so this kind of opens the door for what we also have been talking about.  I can let Tosh or Coach Jay talk about what we're planning to do for this kind of hybrid synth organization, not just for the multi-agent and the orchestrator, but for like marketing comm strategy.  But I'll give a quick example for, for example. The orchestrator agent will have context for the community, and the orchestrator agent should be able to know all of the chat history in a specific Discord or Telegram to help provide context to know which agent, because there'll probably be multiple quiz agents or multiple other types of agents, so it'll be able to orchestrate and reason about that in the context of that community as well.  Yeah, that helps.

15:28 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  So in the final version, you might not put hard-coded values like that. might say, hey, orchestrator agent, create a poll, and it should be based off of this webpage.  So you'd write that in natural language, and then the orchestrator would interpret that, and then find an agent, and then pay it to make a thing, right?  And then post it. Yeah. guess the intuition part of it, would be, like, maybe the person who requests the poll gets given, like, how did the bot do?  Did it do what you expected? And then you, like, click yes or no, and then that gets posted as an attestation to Intuition, like, good for use case polling, you know?  That's right.

16:12 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I didn't give the default example, but you can just give it just the URL, and there's defaults for eQuiz.  So now here it's going to pull from Wikipedia about blockchains. And so you don't have to give it, like, the token, the chain ID and all of that.  It's assumed that, like, once this is further built out, the orchestrator agent will already know for that community what the token is and all of that.  So you don't have to put in that information. You can be explicit or not. So here I have a second quiz, and all I did was give it the Wikipedia page to what is blockchain.  And so it can record that. So... Yes. It should have the idea about the orchestrator agent, when it's inside of Discord and Telegram, should have full context.  And maybe this is a good jumping off point for me to hand the mic over to, I'll stop presenting, to either Tosh or Coach J to talk about how we at MOTHER will also use this in the wider context of, of how we are running the MOTHER organization.  Yeah.

17:37 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yes, I can.

17:39 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So, this quiz is also to help give our communities more information about, in our case, MOTHER, but then for others, trying to keep them motivated and informed.  So, also the, the context. Will be used to create these strategies and in marketing and community engagement. So it's planned that not only to develop the mother orchestrator, but also to align other working streams to what's going on and how can we work remotely together without meeting every day.  So it's not only in the community, but also for the managers who are all kind of involved in the community happenings or need the context of what's happening and what would be best for the community to benefit of each work stream delivering some work.  I don't know if that was clear or not. No, that was clear.

19:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So just to give an example, we have many of these recorder AIs, right, that even in this meeting, you see all these note takers.  We save all of that for this meeting, and you can imagine any meeting, marketing, comms, strategy, investors, go-to-market, code, all of that gets all saved into our repo.  And so that, like, when I'm coding, I can actually ask the IDE agent when I'm coding to get context for what was happening in marketing, what's happening with investors.  And then it can help me prioritize, like, what features to implement and all of that. And so this is how we're just not using this in the context of just the orchestrator agent, but in the wider context of the whole organization.  And then we can pull in the community sentiment. we don't the It feels And you. We can actually have a call out, let's say, I don't know, the Grok agent to see which marketing strategy campaigns or tweets or whatever is doing well.  And it helps shape kind of and help reduce the coordination costs for us as we move forward. And so we spent a lot of time organizing and getting this all set up.  And this is where Gaia comes into play, where all of this context will be given out to a Gaia node.  And this goes along with kind of the current research that's happening with what's called experiential AI. And with that, instead of actually having to have a robust frontier model that knows everything, you can have like a baby agent or a baby model, right, these open source models.  And we are constantly feeding it information so that the context of the orchestrator agent in the community, but also in.  The wider organization for that community, whether they are having remote meetings, you know, can be pulled in and it has this kind of bird's eye view of what's happening.  And this just is like Tasha was saying, these separate work streams now don't have to like always like coordinate.  The AI is always up to speed. And with Muth, what we're doing is once we have the Gaia node set up and we have all these contexts for all the different meetings and where the code is, then we come prep to our daily SIGs, not trying to keep everyone up to date with what's happening, but we assume that everyone is coming to the meeting having already asked the pertinent questions that they need to be filled in so that we can have more productive status calls every day.

21:52 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Maybe also to add that, like the overall goal of mother is to also get to know how, how. We using AI and how can we use it to to improve our organization?  So we're strongly focused on also using it to improve the workflows that we're going through and not like just create tools for others, but actually dog food, like eat our own dog food and that we can do by experimenting and using it in our everyday work.

22:31 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  That's right. So that's pretty much where we're at. don't know if Coach J, Alex, Gerait, if there's anything else to add here in terms of status and what we're working on.  Alex?

22:48 - Alex Lumley
  I'll quickly add one thing that we're working on, but just to kind of wrap it up a little bit more and kind of tie it back to like the strategy that Mother is engaging in is that one of things we're focusing on tokenizing I'll catch you guys.  Thank communities. And we're focusing on how tokenized communities coordinate, engage, and kind of emerge, right? And doing that through the orchestrator and the agent, and the agents is one part of that.  And specifically like within Discord, right? How do you make quiz agents? How do you do all these sort of things?  There's this other side of it is how do communities actually engage and create better work? And I think that's where if every business has to have a theory or a thesis or a focus, I think that's kind of mother's kind of place to focus is around these tokenized communities, how they're engaging, emerging, and coordinating.  And we're doing it both from the initial, like right away, face to face of the Discord agents and helping community managers do more efficient, better work there.  But we're also doing it and where the work gets done with communities. And that's that second work stream of how do we take our meetings and work better together and all that.  Because I, and James, I don't want to speak for you, but my sense is that you believe more tokenized communities, you believe  We'll merge, more tokenized communities will merge, there will be more remote work, agents are happening, how do we allow those things to actually parallel together?  And that's the grander representation that we're doing within MOTHER. Yeah, thank you for that. I think that's right.

24:17 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And what we're trying to do is, it's this kind of, we're dogfooding everything along the way. Because when you think about it, once MOTHER has its token, and it is a DAO, there are going to be agents in the DAO that are like the digital twin for that DAO member.  But also, there's going to be an orchestrator for the MOTHER DAO, an agent that helps move things along and keeps things progressing forward.  And we'll see how much is automated. But what we do know is that there's going to be this fallback, where humans can always kind of pull the switch here.  And that's what. I'm to really do is this kind of really put the A in DAO. It's really not, you know, autonomous in the sense that smart contracts execute in an autonomous manner, but autonomous in that, like the organization is always moving forward with the help of AI.

25:18 - Alex Lumley
  And then the last thing just to mention is I had a call with Matt, I don't know if Matt's on the call, I had a call with Matt on Wednesday, and we're going to continue to work on more of the strategy and sort of like the roadmap of where mother heads.  But one of the tasks that I have is to write kind of a one pager of what this looks like.  So what I'll share with you right now are my initial thoughts. And just know that this is I'm speaking to myself, not from from everyone, but we're working to kind of solidify that.  And a couple of things that we've kind of that I'm proposing is that because mother is very early on and early stage, we are making this reference implementation that James is working on and working with CoUnity and Coach J to kind of enjoy to be the Petri dish.  is weeks. We'll We'll And secondly, we're looking to work with some of these more TGE teams to enable their communities to have a better TGE, Gaia, and then potentially Lit and other people.  Then, as we're doing those things, what we're actually looking to is to get into the different kind of dimensions are number of agents and number of really use cases that we can satisfy for these people, and the number of actual communities that we're in.  We're looking to slowly start to expand more use cases, more communities, and then the third part of that is like, who is being included?  Is it other agents that are bringing coming in, or is it other tools that are being completed? The point is, is that we're slowly expanding each one of these in a concentric circle, so to make sure that we're not growing too much on any one side.  But one of the tradeoffs that I'm proposing is that we've talked a lot about a mother TGE, and until we have a good concentric circle where we feel we have some virality, we shouldn't be considering the TGE, and we've thought  And so more than likely, we shouldn't be considering the TGE, and because it's harder to get grants, because it's harder to get investment right now, we should instead focus on, let's enable the Gaia TGE, let's enable LIT or any of these other TGEs, let's try to get actual revenue from these communities to fund us a little bit, until we sort of have these concentric circles, and that's how we're sort of breaking things into phases.  I'll write this out, this is my proposal, not everyone has agreed to it, but it's something we've been discussing, but the entire theory behind this is, when they looked at the startup DNA of why stars fail, the number one reason why they fail is they scale too quickly, and previously we were trying to do too much, and if we focus it and do it in concentric circles and do it in phases, that's how we're more likely to be able to get good at what we need to, before moving on to the next cycle.  Yeah, that's a great point.

27:51 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I think that there was a lot of lessons learned here, when we first started with mother and we're incorporating and really solving our own problems.  Here first and I think that's the appropriate way of moving forward here and we're making really good progress I'm really encouraged by this kind of approach here where we first thought of it as an orchestrator agent and speaking out the design incorporating the latest that's happening with MCP and with ADA but then also taking it up a level organizationally so that we can keep our organization aligned and reduce coordination across the different work streams as well and I'm excited to see where this goes and yeah we're gonna make mistakes but we're learning quickly and it's just really encouraging just how the industry is moving forward as the AI industry is moving forward like windsurf just released their SWE their own software engineering  Our agent, that is really good. It was just released this week, and so we're seeing this kind of exponential innovation that's happening in AI, and we want to be able to absorb all of that in real time, and we want to reduce coordination by using the tech that we're helping to build out.  So, yeah, this is more how do we organize and generate revenue, incorporating AI, and just assuming that the payment rails will all be crypto, and so that's kind of where we're and how we're moving through this at the moment.  Oh, sorry, James. I was going say, we're almost at the top of the hour.

29:46 - Alex Lumley
  just wanted to give Sydney and Alessandro a chance to ship anything or talk about anything about what they shipped this week before we kind of wrap up.  Sydney or Alessandro, do you guys want to share anything? Just real quick.

30:00 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  On the Intuition side, I made a call out on the Telegram chat, but we're upgrading our contracts to a new version that enables some really helpful features, but also means that on Monday, anything on base folia is going to be needing to be migrated, so take a look at that if you're a dev, I don't know if that's Geetha or someone else on the forum, just to make sure that the forum stuff still works.  And we're still, yeah, excited to chat with you guys when you're ready about agent to agent stuff and how to structure things correctly in that forum, and then James, any of the staking bits and like writing to intuition part, we're going to take a dive on that next week, on making sure that it's really straightforward for how people write to intuition on a dev side, so we'll give you updates there.  Awesome. then, yeah, let's simply chat next week, because I think that I'm ready for that.

30:51 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Like, right now we're using OpenAI, love to like first get a Gaia node integrated, so that's like number one priority, but right out.  So that is going to be and want to understand what's happening on the intuition side so that we just it's a refactor, essentially.  So we have a lot of the bones there, but we want to put that into the context of this orchestrator agent.  Sweet.

31:17 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  And I was sorry, Alex, just to your point of what we're we I don't not don't have anything to share yet.  We're working on entities that make the claims and intuition like easier to browse. And one entity we haven't created is an agent entity.  So I think it'd be cool to chat with you guys about what that should look like, like kind of informed by the schema that we came up with for MotherDAO initially.  And then like show and highlight those claims easily so that and create like a way that folks expect to put in that info.  We're hearing from some other partners that we've talked to that they want agent. So it's kind of cool that you guys were like very early on thinking about that.  And it seems like other people.

32:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, I think a lot of the things that we've been working on, we've been months ahead in terms of insight, and we have further insight now that we have MCP8AA in this registry.  So it would be great to see how we could foundationally use and incorporate Gaia here as the inference provider from day one.  And, yeah, so let's chat early next week. Excited to chat. Cool. Alessandro, happy to help you in any way with that.

32:35 - Alex Lumley
  And also, I would say, I made the point in the chat, but like, I'd be really interested to hear how you guys are thinking about, like, agents versus the actual context or the nodes, like a Gaia node and how those tie into the registry and how you guys are using those as entities.  Just because in my mind, I actually don't think we'll have many variations of quiz agents, but we might have many variations of the context that is ...  And that's where I kind of imagined things going, but just to hear how you guys might end up solving that, and happy to talk more about a registry.  Cool. Yeah, that sounds good. Cool. Sydney, want to go ahead?

33:14 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  Yeah, thank you so much. I have three main updates. I'm mostly highlighting Dewey's work, since he's not here.

33:20 - Sydney Lai
  So not taking credit for his work. So what he's been working on is he's updated the coordination agent for the MetaMask marketplace, mother registry, and the Gaia set up via Eliza.  What this means is that he's trying to see if the mother CollabLAN agent is able to work in an environment like MetaMask as a front end.  So for those who are not familiar with that work stream, don't worry. It's kind of like we're just looking at a different go-to-market, a different implementation for go-to-market.  And he was able to get unblocked on the nethermines. He does have a video walkthrough of this update, so I can drop it depending on where you want me to leave it, either in the Slack or in the...  And the program. Second update is more so on the token itself. I don't know if you guys have met Amin, I know Alex knows Amin, so earlier this week we assigned him to be kind of like the PM on the tokenomics in White Paper for Mother.  And so we are internally putting in resources to update that as well. So I don't know if you guys want me to add him onto the Slack.  Can you drop to the video? Yeah, okay, cool. And then last, yeah, so then that's, that's, I mean, I don't know if you want me to add him to the Slack for the White Paper, like, responsibilities.  And then lastly, yes, okay, great. And then lastly, this is just kind of like extra credit for fun. There are a bunch of like local founder demo day stuff.  So I applied, don't, I don't know if I'm gonna get chosen, but I applied to Pitch Mother. Just so in the practice, like pitching Mother publicly, talking about the tech, you know, slide, you know, founders, you know, after, after work.  there's break. Kind of like meetup events just to kind of get mother in a process like pitching and so like represent and take the time to do that.  So, yeah, we'll see. Those are the three main updates. That's super great. And I guess one last question for you, Sydney, since we have you here.

35:20 - Alex Lumley
  Is there any questions that you have about where mother is at and what mother is working on? That just because we haven't spoken a ton in the past few months.  Sorry, I was muted.

35:37 - Sydney Lai
  I know that Matt, James, and I have had several like three on three sessions. So we were able to really catch each other up.  So I'm actually pretty caught up through just talking to James and Toby, especially on the kind of like the engineering side and getting caught up with Matt on the more of the fundraising side.  Yeah. Cool. But thank you for checking. I think that's about, I think, I think we can wrap up there, James, and go to over to the, to the mother standup.

36:07 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, maybe we can give it a couple of minutes and at the latter quarter of the hour, we can meet again since the mother standup is only 15 minutes.  So we can have like a seven minute break and then let's head over there a little bit early. And just as we wrap up, are there any other questions?  Just want to leave the floor open. Awesome. Well, TGIF, Fri-Yay, happy day. And hopefully everyone enjoys their weekend and thanks for joining.  Thanks, everyone. Take care, guys. Thank you. Hey, Tash, I'm going to join now if you want to catch up beforehand.
