Mother Daily Standup - May 20
VIEW RECORDING - 25 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/XecFPsxSwFYNTPGtxbctx4Kj8HyyuRWZ

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, it would be great to have something that is always up and running, because then I can move over the quiz.

0:09 - Tobiloba Adedeji
  Yeah, I'll just deploy that to the modern domain, but I want you to actually test it first. So when I get to my PC, I'll start it again, have you test it, and then I'll just deploy it to the domain for you to test also, for you to use.  Okay.

0:25 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Yeah.

0:29 - Tobiloba Adedeji
  Excellent. Well, welcome, everyone.

0:32 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I was just getting an update from Toby while we're waiting for others to join the meeting. Status update, everything is on the quiz poll and the quest agent.  It's all looking pretty good. There are some improvements based off of this interaction that I want to do on the Collabalin and Account Kit side.  I spoke. I Geetha about that this morning, I am still debating whether or not I should wait for those improvements or not wait for those improvements.  That would actually make a much better developer experience because off of the heels of this orchestrator agent, I am hoping to create like a whole package with MCP A2A, make it really simple for devs to integrate.  And that's why I'm also anxious about Gaia and getting that node up and running because there is a way for us to be able to package all of this up into one really easy to use AI driven.  Kind of package and the assumption is that. It. Developers are never going to code from scratch ever again. It's all going to be AI, and I want to focus on that DevEx experience.  I also spoke with Alessandro from Intuition yesterday. They are having their TGE event on Thursday, and it's not like a normal, like, mainstream TGE.  It's through a community platform called Legion, and they, from that, are going to open source some repos. So, again, with what I'm building out, Intuition, Gaia, Collabland, it's all going to be, like, super integrated.  I'm still waiting for Nevermind to release their MCP server. I'm also looking at X402, which is Coinbase's payment system library.  And I don't see any barriers to, like, getting this up and running pretty quickly. It's interesting, and it's really weird, because now there used to be a difference between, like, consumer product and Devex, but what I'm building is really like a consumer product.  It's, there's, because it's all, like, AI-driven, like, I tell the agent now to do things, and it just one-shots everything, so it's really exciting, but I want to kind of take a step back, and maybe we can talk about this on Friday, I think it might be a good conversation to have, I'll have more information about this on Friday, too, I'm still kind of, like, ideating on this, because what I would like to do is, to it's  It's now begin as soon as possible to get all the marketing, investor meetings, and I want to get all the chats that are in the Mother AI Discord.  I want to increase the permissions so that the agent can read all the chat history, and I want to start feeding that into how we, like, get to TGE for Mother.  And I think that would be a really interesting concept for us to, like, noodle on, kind of as a, not a white paper, but, like, kind of a beginning of a playbook or something like that for communities.  So that's my update. I can go on, but I'll stop there. Alex, do have your hand raised? Yeah, thanks, James.

4:52 - Alex Lumley
  That's awesome. The question I had is, Intuition's TGE, through Legion. Is it just, like, are they actually Launching a token, or is it just like raising some initial funds towards launching a token?  Because I think Glit did it on Legion, but they did not do a token launch and have not yet done their token launch.

5:13 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, from what I understand is the intuition token is going to be called Trust, and they're going to be launching the Trust token.  I don't know if that is happening on Thursday or if, like you said, they're just collecting the funds kind of like a pre-sale.  I'm not sure, but they also want to use this orchestrator agent in their Discord and their Telegram. So we have potential like if we wanted to test this out and create this playbook for like, you know, all kind of these close, you know, projects.  So we have Gaia, Potentially Lit, and Intuition. When we started in January, we didn't know that all these TGEs were happening and what we were doing with the orchestrator agent, but something is emerging, and I think this is an interesting opportunity.  So I would like to see how we could be opportunistic about this. So that's just the info.

6:32 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, that makes sense, and I think what I propose is like, and this is part of what I'm laying out for Matt, is, you know, once we have our alpha version set up, like by Friday or whenever it is, James, that you have it done, we can go back to these other teams, understand what they are doing towards our TGE, and potentially work with CoUnity or something, and have the playbook of a concierge model sort of tie into the actual product itself of how we're approaching it, but then, like, we'll  And working with those teams, so then we have multiple TGs happening at once. That's cool. That makes sense. Thanks, James.  Yeah.

7:08 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  What's really interesting is it would be fun to, like, partner with these, like, community platforms, maybe. This is just off the top of my head idea, but these are, like, the emergent opportunities that are happening.  Because with Legion, you've got to connect, like, your Twitter and your GitHub. If we have them connect, like, their Discord as well, then we can, like, have the orchestrator agent actually give tokens in Discord or X or Telegram.  And this is what I was kind of alluding to at the top of the meeting. I'm talking to Geeta about this, just allowing all the social platforms to auth.  We are targeting, for Collabland, we have Telegram, Discord, GitHub, and X, right? Now, and just based off of those social IDs, you can have smart accounts.  If we were to, like, potentially partner with, like, a platform like Legion, for example, that does this kind of social scoring as well, that could play into, I don't know, some type of reputation agent that combines with, you know, the quizzes and all of that to give out, like, a point system or something.  We had a conversation with Legion a long time ago, like, early January, February.

8:38 - Alex Lumley
  They were definitely interested in building some agents. The issue at the time was that I think people were looking at us like a dev shop and we didn't have the dev developer resources.  Even now, still, we don't have that. That being said, if Mother's kind of core thesis is around helping tokenize.  communities engage, like interact and kind of like build themselves or like operationalize themselves. It actually fits in perfectly to to Legion as a not an immediate thing, but kind of like maybe in a couple months like that towards where we're going.

9:21 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I first off, I would say that I don't know if we need like I've I've been debbing for 30 years.  I don't think you need devs. Just based off of just what just this trajectory with like these AI IDEs like I'm one shotting features and I'm doing things in an hour that would take me traditionally and maybe I have to update my priors would take me at least two weeks, maybe a month to do.  So I'm one shotting this. So I'm one shotting So, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a weird thing, like, I'm old enough to have been there when the internet was becoming a thing, right?  And this is an order of magnitude more interesting than when the internet started for me right now. So, it's a really interesting, if you have a small group of highly aligned people, you can do more than I would imagine a large corporation that has hundreds of millions of meetings, whatever, that have to coordinate.  And my frame right now, because I'm doing the orchestrator agent, if I can orchestrate other parts of the org as well, then I don't know if you need more than like a handful of people to.  Run a complete corporation, but they have to be highly, highly aligned because it's really just the coordination costs now.  And if people know clearly what they need to do and get done, you can get it done very easily.  And if you can incorporate user interviews and things like that so that you understand the demand coming in. And this is why I want to prioritize having the bot have like full chat history permissions in the Discord, because then it's just lurking 24-7 and being able to get the kind of sentiment analysis of a community.  And then it can then drive these other agents, because then the agents not only will react to what I am, as a developer, telling it to do, the agent will react to other agents or another orchestrator agent that's piping.

12:03 - Alex Lumley
  And James, I know we're coming up on time here, so the two things I just wanted to check for, I know you had conversations with Ian from Gaia and then from Intuition.  Do we have the access to those recordings so we can upload them into the context of GitHub to make sure, because in my mind, as I'm writing out this kind of roadmap document, that's kind of the next place of where we're going.  We have our Alpha, now let's go after our three nearest kind of people, work with them, and then we could think about going after something like Legion, but I want to make sure that the team has that full information of what you discussed with Ian and with Intuition.  Yeah, with Ian, it was more a Collabaland thing and a mother thing.

12:53 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I'll ask Ian again if he can meet and then we can make this dedicated for mother. Same with  With Alessandro, I guess this is kind of similar to what Tosh was saying before about like what are the kind of confidential things to discuss, but based off of those meetings and then what I've been going through this last week with the orchestrator agent, it would be interesting to then have a revised meeting with both of them as we come up with this idea or book.  And then also we have the potential roadmap for the like mother TGE as well. And I know that we're at time.  Maybe we can go just a couple of minutes over. I apologize. I took the majority of this meeting, but I thought it was useful.  But before I do that, I know Tosh, you had your hand raised.

13:52 - Natascha Tiotuico
  It was just a topic on Legion. If not, if we should then, if that means we should start. Discussion and that.  Integrating them won't actually be the problem because we don't need that many deaths. Maybe if they say yes, we can.  I mean, five code their integration or just get their requirements, like create a meeting or something to get that context on what they actually need, and then we can try five coding it.  I would encourage that.

14:30 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Like, I would say that if we had the correct context, and that's the majority of the work, if we can get that context, I would say that very conservatively, it would probably take a week to integrate.  I'm internally would probably say it would take a good day, but then there would be back and forth refinement and things like that, because all Legion needs to do is have discord integration and we would give them.  that Is that correct? you. We'd give Legion more info, like, okay, if you, like, connect your Discord, how many, like, servers are you in?  And, you know, what is your smart account transaction history and all of that? So I can't imagine Legion would say no, because this increases the value of Legion, like, by, I would imagine, an order of magnitude.

15:25 - Alex Lumley
  And, James, what it kind of sounds like what we're crystallizing to is that the difficult part is getting the context and gathering the requirements, and then setting up still either, like, the unit test or the upfront work to make sure that the things are defined well enough to then be able to go through it, through it, either way, what I would propose.

15:49 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  No, no, no, the, the, the issue with Legion is how do we set up the relationship so that mother doesn't leak value.  To Legion. And Legion gets all this data for free. How do we price that? Yeah, because it's really kind of a value cost analysis here.  And I think they could be one of kind of a first party integration, like kind of data partner for Mother.  And we would be giving them a lot of value, especially if we can get this through a couple of TGEs like with I'm imagining just off the top of my head, like through Gaia, through Lid, through Intuition and through Mother, like we would give them a whole new category of info that they don't, they're pre TGE to TGE.  We can actually help them through TGE afterwards. So like, I don't know how you price that or what that value is, but that's the potential there.  So you have this whole like community token launch platform. Okay. And sustainability afterwards. So it's really getting them hyped on that, doing those intros and getting that going.  Because on the Legion side, it's just Discord OAuth. And then we would just give them all the info. Like we're coming to the table with a bunch of things that we can offer them rather than it's just they can charge more.  And like, I don't know what that costs or what the pricing model of Legion is. I don't know how they operate.  So it's more of a B-E thing, I think. So what I would propose, so like I said, like we spoke to Legion a while ago.

17:41 - Alex Lumley
  I'm also happy to add that I think I still have that conversation with Legion that I can grab it and we can start to get some context around it.  But either way, just knowing how the last conversation went with Legion, what I would say is that it's probably not our nearest term thing.  And the nearest term is these like alpha of mother, these couple other places. of the SYRI want And then starting to think about Legion and these other things, just because the sense I got from last time was that we sort of disappointed Legion, not in a bad way, but like, we can't be the boy that cried wolf.  We have to be a little bit more prepped before we get to that. That was my sense. Yeah, it's just, well, I think it's reengaging with them and saying now we're ready.

18:20 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And it's just smooth. It just needs someone who's at sales and who can help like hype that up. It's really relationship management.  Cool. So, I see Matt.

18:35 - Alex Lumley
  Yeah, I, I, I, I'm just looking at the chat. Sorry. Hey, Matt.

18:40 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Hey, what's happening?

18:42 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Um, exciting stuff, guys. Um, so one other thing, um, I had a call today with, uh, the, her name's Belinda.  Um, she works at the sandbox and also she works at gate. She's like the listing manager. Um, Um, At Gate.  I don't know how she has those two roles, but she does. I've known her from my Consensus Fellowship days.  She loves Mother. She loves the agent-to-agent need for coordinating tasks. And if you're familiar with Sandbox, they have a ton of communities and games that would want to use Mother.  And so we did that whole, you know, use case with Minecraft that we could do it with Sandbox. And, you know, they could, we can get introduced to their Ventures team, as well as listings for Gates.  So, James, if you're down, I can introduce you and we can, you know, see if there's any PLCs we can do.

19:44 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  But yeah, they're very interested. Very cool. Yeah, I mean, there's this like pipeline, I think, trying to meet with the market where it's at, where you have this rise of these community-based kind of funding.  And then we can show that we are, like, giving signal, and it's not just launching a token, but it's building a community, and then from that, what are the signals for that community for these centralized listing exchanges, CEXs, to then, like, have their requirements of what it takes for them to list a token.  And we're actually providing real signal, not just, like, you know, kind of heightened. And so I can imagine a pipeline, you know, start a community, get it built up, have a community fundraise, have an active community within, like, Discord, Telegram, and on X, on GitHub.  And then, from that, a pipeline to centralized exchange, those things that are based off of KPIs or data. So that's something for us to noodle on.  And again, I want us to dog food this at the same time by really taking our meetings and what we're doing and feeding it into this orchestrator agent to help us not just coordinate the community, but help coordinate us organizationally and learn from kind of what we've experienced these last few months where we had a bunch of people in.  They all had separate kind of slightly different alignment and how they wanted to participate. Now we can use AI to kind of reduce that coordination tax.  And then, yeah, just overall, I think this is how, you know, this is kind of pie in the sky, but this is how I think DAOs could begin to really organize.  So, yeah, this is really interesting. I think there's something here and it's just the time. That's through just He's good now, and I'm so glad that, like, MCP and ADA have come out because now everyone can standardize on these different protocols instead of having to, for us to also build and continue to maintain all of that scaffolding.  Yeah, Tosh?

22:17 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, so I think those two leads, like Alex and maybe I could also help see how they match into what we're doing now.  And because we did have the idea of having, like, 10 customers, so we could see how we could align that POC with having those first 10 customers that it could fit all in the roadmap and that we're not going in different directions, but just collecting everything to go in one direction.  Yeah, yeah.

22:55 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  it's really a practice or an exercise in maintaining a... assignment and coordination at minimal cost, and I think that's how we'll see this exponential kind of acceleration here, yeah, so I think that's a lot to noodle on for us, oh, Matt, real quick, I won't be able to make the meeting this afternoon, I have a family commitment, yeah, I just, I canceled it, oh, okay, awesome, yeah, I don't know why he set it up, I already talked to him last week, so no worries, okay, cool, awesome, yeah, I think, yeah, I think we're in a good spot, yeah, and I know that we're, like, 10 minutes over, anything else, okay, awesome, I can send more async updates, but we're moving, yeah, yeah, this is exciting, actually, we're on to something, I think, so I think we're in a good spot, uh,  You just have to stay aligned and coordinated. think that's the main thing. And I think we are 100%. Awesome.  Excellent. Great chat. Thanks. Happy Tuesday. Thanks. Let's do it. Good luck moving, Tash.

24:16 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  Thanks. We already spent the night here.

24:21 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So I'm already in between boxes, but in the house.

24:25 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So great. Thank you for that. Bye-bye. Yep. Bye.
