Mother Community Strategy Sync - April 14
VIEW RECORDING - 39 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/x3o3cZar9Biye-C4qcd4SB1WfjPvWN67

---

0:00 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Even developers, it's probably the same for all types of people. That's why I was listening to you and Tash, because I think having less channels in the Discord is a good idea, and we should make people earn the road to climb up the social ladder.  That's also a cool mechanic, because I've been watching, let's say, dozens of Discord servers in the NFT space, the AirDrop space, and they all kind of have the same strategy.  It's basically people come in, then as time passes, like, you just can't, hey, there's this secret role. Some people, not a lot of them will have that role, which kind of triggers them to think that they will get the AirDrop 100%.  Yeah. Yeah. So in the beginning, that's kind of the thing, but of course in a structured way, in a way that ties in with the seeds, the points, the R strategy, so at the moment I just want to listen and see, because when I go to R notion, I feel, I have the impression that we have way too many documents, and too many strategies, too many, too many, like, it's a big, plenty of information basically.

1:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I think there was a lot of stop and go, a lot of like shifting of directions the last two months, and that's why I feel like there's the three of us now, and I know Xavier's kind of there in the background to help us out, and like, what do we want to do?  Like, it's up to us, no one else is here to do this thing, so like, that's why I'm just like, what do we actually want our community to look like?  Do we want different roles? Like, do we want people achieving things? Is that important? What do we want them to achieve?  Why do they want to move up those ladders? What's the benefit for them in order to do that? Who are these people that we want coming in?  That's a good question.

2:09 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's speculation, but we're going to speculate if they get that secret role and that couple with marketing. I can do small market research and show you how, for example, Celestia did it.

2:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Who is the kind of person who's speculating? Is that the person we want in our community? That's what I'm kind of questioning.  like, do we want a speculator of roles or do we want someone who's just coming here to build an agent?  But I also don't know because I'm not part of these online communities, so maybe there are these crossovers of lots of builders who also love speculating.  Yeah, so there's a Venn diagram there.

2:48 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Most definitely, there's an overlap in those two kind of circles. And that's why, as you mentioned, we would need two groups.  One with airdrop farmers and a real community.

2:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So the way...

3:00 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's also passport, but it's also kind of social media verification. Some part of it can be also manual curation.  For example, now we have five people. We don't know if those are very active people. I'm already thinking that two of them are the same person.  Just because, I don't know, you can see some patterns there, like they like to tip each other a lot, maybe, but that's only an assumption.

3:39 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah.

3:40 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah. Okay. It's So if you always have two groups, one with airdrop farmers and a real community, the smartest way that's available in Web3 right now is kind of to have those gate draws.  because the airdrop farmers come... They will have the same, they like low-hanging fruit, they think that if they do X, Y, Z, they're going to get something.  But that's probably not going to be the case. But from that group, we'll see who are the people that are actually builders, like they really want to be part of this community, they have like an end goal in mind.  So they don't necessarily need to be AI agent pro builders, they can be newbie builders that the pro builders can show them how to build.  So we already have like people teaching people, which would be like...

4:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think we need to, I think that, I love the idea of it. And I think the main thing that we're going to need to do is we're going to to test and see.  Like when I think of the builders that we've had on the live stream so far, I... I be surprised how many people say yes to coming and teaching other builders to build out of the goodness of their heart.  I think there would need to be incentives for them. They're running a business, which is their agent. But I would love to see a community that's teaching each other that kind of stuff.  That would be something to aspire toward, for sure. Yeah.

5:17 - Natascha Tiotuico
  At the beginning, can actually make education roles for beginners. We need to scope out what are the personas on our server.  Like, for example, I enjoyed at the beginning of Mother that I didn't feel like the AI scene is running so quickly that Mother gave me a nice overview of the different things that are happening.  Like, I didn't have to deep dive into one topic. It was more like a broad overview. Oh, these are the things happening and very short interviews with Francesco to get like to get a grip on where do I start?  Where do I inform myself? What's the trends? So I. We can use that to to kind of pick up like beginners, give them a quest trail of how to improve their skills or learn about different frameworks.  We can. Like identify pros, maybe give them an extra role for like seeing it kind of like a skill tree of games, trying to enhance those interactions so that we can later on have like a school tree of who has which specialties.  And also when we're going live now that mother works, we can create like channels to try out how are these actually working?  And those can be like for various people. So my suggestion would be let me sit together with Dan, make a plan of how we can start this off, because like the end goal is always very easy to think of.  So. So. But where is the starting point? Because we don't want to get the community too thin, they don't interact with each other and specialize.  So where is the starting point that everybody's still kind of gathered around, but then we grow into this slowly specializing communities that are big enough to sustain themselves and contribute value.  That sounds great.

7:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Let's do it. remember, we're going to do this all with no resources, but I mean, I'm going to promote it on X.  And like, I don't know what it is, but Mother has just like a lot of clout for some reason.  So that's great. So that's a huge bonus for us. And I'm ready to do the outreach or whatever it is.  I've been adding people to Discord. Everyone who's introduced themselves, I've been adding them to Discord to myself and stuff like that.  Those are all going to be like evangelists of ours. So I think that we can build that community. The one challenge is y'all heard that Kush is leaving the project?  Yeah. Yeah. I So that's a pretty big loss in terms of a technical resource. So we are limited in technical resources because we have James, but I really want to protect James this time as much as possible.  We could maybe get him for one hour a week at most in the Discord. Francesco we could probably get, but he's like not always super reliable.  He's kind of like hard to pin down. Once we get something like an office hour setup, it's pretty easy for Francesco.  He's good with things that are consistent. And then Kuch said he could do an hour a week for sure.  So, but we were limited in terms of that. It's not like the three of us are just like, you know, one of us are agent experts.  And I'm like, I got all the time. Let's like make this happen.

8:41 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, it's more also about activating the people in there and finding out their interests. Like we don't have overload with events and everything.  It's more curation, true connection, trust, and finding out how we're growing. So I don't even think that it's so harsh on resources.

9:07 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It's a great point, Tash, because it's all kind of iteratively. We can just try something else, and then if that works, we can try something else out.  On the resources side, on a parallel node, actually, I think the Discord is pretty good. The form it has right now shouldn't be changed.  We have the proper amount of channels. We have the general channel, gmother, node holders. I think it's enough. But maybe the developer's channel would need some resurrecting, because there's not a lot of action in there.  And we also do not have somebody that knows how to speak to developers. So, like...

10:04 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, with Kush leaving the project, does it mean he's just implementing less and he's still part of the community or?  Yeah, yeah, that's what it is.

10:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  He's probably gonna like, the thing is, is that he was kind of like stepping in as almost like our CEO and he just doesn't have the capacity to do it.  He doesn't have the mental capacity to do it. He's probably just gonna like work on an agent project of his own, but he's still like part of the community.  He's still been showing up on calls and will continue, I think, to show up on calls and help us a little bit.  But he just wants to work full time on like his own project. That's kind of where his head's at.  Okay.

10:42 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, maybe curating resources and everything would also be a thing like help people understand what frameworks are out there.

10:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I know Xavier was working on some of that stuff, but it sounds like, is that really going to be  Like, in your experience and Dan and Xavier's experience, like, if we just start putting out resources for those things, will people, like, that will grow our – is that what's going to take to grow our community?

11:12 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Well, you can spin off threads or discussions off that. Like, you see how people react, and then you notice, okay, this interest is in our community.  And then you can make it a bigger topic about, like, deep diving into things. So it's a good way to see, okay, who's reading the resources or who, like, even tips for curating a resource.  Yeah. And then you know what kind of interests are in your community. Okay.

11:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Because the thing is, is I can start posting that stuff as well. I mean, like I said, I've been doing my own building and research, so I don't mind starting to be that curator, especially if that helps things forward.  Yeah, I definitely think one of the more important things is … Figuring out who are these people coming into our server and what do they want to do is probably the biggest gap.  Last week I spoke to two very different folks, unrelated folks, in the regen space. One was Jimmy Tregen. I don't know you all know Tregen.  He's great. Yeah, I love Jimmy. So anyway, he's doing his Gitcoin radio right now, so I showed up on Gitcoin radio, I showed Mother, and it's very clear that he's interested in AI and he literally doesn't know where to start.  And then I have another coaching client, basically, and she also is not utilizing AI as effectively as you can.  And so when we talk about it and I make some suggestions, she's like, holy , and it completely changes everything for her.  So they're really missing even the fundamentals. And those people don't know how to code, but they're-

13:00 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Very interested in A.I. Maybe it's also like a showcase channel, like what do you ask A.I., how do you implement A.I.?  That could also be a group of people that we attract, especially like to use our mother, because like they clearly they don't know how to use a special specialized A.I.  agent. So they would love something like mother that they can just go to. Hey, I want to web it for my campaign.  And then mother like distributes. Oh, this is our CEO expert. This will be the landing page expert, creating your landing page and connecting all these things and trying to create those use cases and attract people to learn how to use mother.

13:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh, like when the agents are actually like in the registry. Yeah.

13:54 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, for sure.

13:55 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think we're going to what we're going to do is we're going to make this plan right now. And I'd love to start.  Basically, there's two plans. There's like the airdrop community. So 08, this kind of like puts the other document I showed you into the garbage, basically, because what we're going to do is we're going to focus on the airdrop community.  It's very quest-based, and there's going to be very limited room for them to grow. Like, we want them to do tipping actions, and then we want to incentivize them to, when the feature comes up, hopefully this week or next week, ask Mother for certain things.  And like, that's it. They're not going get rewarded for going into introductions. They're not going to be rewarded for hanging on our Discord, because we don't really want them there.  We just want them to test out the feature and make sure that it's working okay. And then we get those statistics as well.  We can talk about our Discord server has X thousands of people, has X thousands of transactions and X thousands of requests to real agents with real value passing through.  That's kind of like the narrative that we're building there. And then there's the separate thing which y'all are talking about, role-based kind of skills tree.-bye.-bye.  I would really love your help in curating that and designing that. Again, I've not really been part of these online communities.  It's not been a huge passion of mine. So whatever you see is the way to do that. And then wherever there are gaps that either of you cannot fill.  For example, Tasha, you're talking about, oh, it would be great to curate that information about different frameworks out there.  Cool. I would love to, I will be your content creator. I will create content about Eliza. And I'll talk about what Eliza does and why it's really useful and how it creates a JSON.  And you can take that JSON and put it in this and here's how you can use it. And Langchain.  What's Langchain? Well, here's how you use it and here's why it's really good and here's all the agents that are using it right now.  Here's why it's really flexible and blah, blah, blah. I can create those stuff, no problem. And we can, I just need to know that that's what people want to know.  And it's no. Those people that we want, because creating those resources is very time intensive, and I don't mind, as long as there's incredible value and it's helping us accomplish our goals.  The other option we can do is we can team up with, there are people already doing those kinds of things, right?  So we can team up with those organizations. I think that's just a bit more of a longer burn and harder.

16:24 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, it's more like, it doesn't even mean we have to create the resource. It's more like, when I joined Mother, having Francisco doing all these things, at least I had a starting point to, like, wise myself up in things.  And that's what I enjoy about Mother, like, we're not biased on one specific framework or technology. We're inviting all the agents to our platform, and we should use that for our benefit to help others get kind of unbiased.  Input from different communities. OK. And even referencing, like if you create a resource referencing, hey, we also had an interview with Francisco and this person and this like kind of supports the idea.  And then we'll see in our Discord who evolves in which frameworks and everything, who we even have there that has interests.  See, like this is Davo Club.

17:34 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Alex told me about them a long time ago. So they're building on polygons. So they're specifically polygon specific. Let me see.  Because I'm wondering, like, how do we just like partner with them? And they have like a huge, like they already have tons of resources.  They run boot camps. They have all this kind of stuff. They have a kit. They're. They have their own community, and they're all about learning how to build AI on chain.  So like, do we just leverage what they already have, or do we just start our own that's more agnostic, that's more chain agnostic, even though, yeah, and maybe there's like a base version of this, I don't know.

18:28 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, can feature maybe some of their events or something, like, that we don't use everything from them, but that we say, hey, have you seen them, like, pointing in different directions, like using, like, Harish has this wonderful, get your agent up and running in seven minutes or something, right?  Having those different kinds of resources from everywhere, hey, you want to join an event? Thank you. AI on-chain, this is a good resource, like curating resources doesn't mean we have to create them ourselves, it also means just pointing people in the right direction, and I would try to not be too biased on one platform, but use all our partners, everything we see on the market, and once in a while post those as a red thread to follow.

19:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, so let's actually start winding down this conversation, because we have about four minutes left, I think we're actually like all kind of pointing to similar things, what do we want some of the action steps to be in the outputs, and then when do we want to deliver those by, and like, yeah, I want us to kind of assign tasks so that we each know what we need to do, and then we can come back together, you know, on Wednesday, and already have taken a few steps.

19:52 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Okay, I will take the action points to make an overall plan with them, what The structure that we want in the next weeks, what would be the concrete actions for that, and what is the vision that we're trying to achieve?  Perfect.

20:09 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  One thing that would also really be helpful is just really honing in on a tool that we could use for the airdrop farming quest specifically.  If we can get that set up this week, that would be pretty ideal. I'm going to be really driving toward getting the one I think we're closest with is Nier.  They have 800 agents in the marketplace. It's all open source. And so we're just figuring out a way so that in Discord when you slash ask mother, it connects to their 800 agents.  So hopefully by the end of the week, we'll have 800 agents on the registry.

20:48 - Natascha Tiotuico
  So that's it.

20:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  We officially have a product. And all we need to do is generate the demand for it. So that's why I kind of want to figure out the quest tool and get the airdrop farmers in.  mean. Seatrops. Get them the seeds, get them making requests to these agents, and see what happens. Cool? Yeah, so that's all great.

21:15 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So, two questions. What are the top three docs that I should look at to kind of couple the tooling with the way I see the community strategy being done?  And the second question is, are there, like, documents about the TGE that, like, are relevant for this discussion? Or are all those docs in the Notion and publicly available right now?  Because, like, we can, like, the best way is kind of test it out, like, in steps. So we can try step one, see how that goes.  And then, like, but, like, we should, like, have, so... Just to kind of clear the uncertainty, we should have a doc and we could co-work on it until Wednesday, until the next call and see, call it all our master community doc or something like that so we know the direction in which we're heading because what I got from the discussion is that Tash will kind of figure out the tooling with community by which we will filter and have people take the actions, but then how do we couple that with the thingy that we discussed last week, which was the seeds and the points activation, because that's going to be the marketing.  So we also need to couple this with the marketing side of things. So just to have like kind of a little cohesiveness there.

22:44 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, it's not just the tooling we're doing, we're going to do the community strategy as well. I just want to deep dive with Ben who has more experience on this to get the right method in place.  And now that we also have a central. I'm very happy that we can prepare this, have James look at it, and be like, yay, that's the way to go, that's what we're doing the next week, the next month, and add to that plan, like align all the different departments we're kind of having to that community strategy.  Yeah, I think that's gonna make a huge difference.

23:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  There's a lot of voices that existed in the last couple months, and most of the voices are, like, just not, are gone.  So it's like, mostly like three of us, Alex, and James. So we can decide what it is that we want to do.  For the marketing side, 08, like, the seeds and thing, that again, I think is going to be mostly for the airdrop farmers.  Like, unless, unless you think that builders coming in want to collect these valueless seeds, because again, they're about the seed.  We're not going to reward people based on how many seeds they have. We're going to reward people based on how many transactions they're taking with those things, right?  So it doesn't matter how much we give out. If I give $10,000 to this person or $100,000, it doesn't matter.  That's why I don't want to use it as our marketing tool. And the other thing is when you use rewards or points as a marketing tool, you would naturally attract airdrop farmers.  So it's hard to distinguish real community members from, right?

24:32 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Does that make sense?

24:35 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sorry, I mixed your background noise with your voice. So I think that what would happen, what would be most useful 08 is, why don't you sketch out some of your ideas based on your experience for communities?  Because Tash is going to go talk to Dan. Dan's been in a bunch of communities. He has a bunch of experience.  He can kind of like, um, he can kind of sketch out what some of his ideas. This is basically everything I presented here and hopefully this note taker caught a lot of this and then 08 you also work on this I think in tandem it's still useful to capture because you have a different experiences being part of these different communities and I think like what does like a really cool community look like and talk about like the different incentives and talk about the different audiences and why they would be interested in participating in this community and my job is sorry go ahead Tash I want you to chime in as well.

25:28 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Oh, so like 08 I think your experience is also super great and maybe specific events or specific things that we can do in the community and I would I can do the higher level thing and take your ideas within to this consideration and start planning them out if that's what you want to do like.  Yeah, I think it would be super helpful.

25:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I just have a feeling that Tash and Dan are going to come with a A bunch of ideas, and you're going to come with a bunch of ideas, and about 70% of them are not going to be overlapping, and they're going to be complementary.  Like, we're going to be able to plug both in, and they're going to work really well. And then there's that, like, 30% that we're going to kind of discuss what's the best way to go, what are the tradeoffs here?  Is it this way that Zero8's recommending? Is it the way that co-unities? And we can all discuss what we think is the best idea for the mother community.  I think that's, like, a really strong way to proceed. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of go through the introductions.  I'm to keep adding people to Discord, and I'm going to keep starting conversations over the next couple of days and try to figure out why they joined the mother of Discord, where they're at in their AI journey, and what is it that they're looking to learn or get involved with, and so that we can start to put together some general profiles.  I think I have an idea of the general profile. It's mostly based on your skill level with developing AI, but it would still be maybe helpful to hear from those things.  I think that's... And I like my takeaway of something that sounds pretty useful. What are your thoughts, Zero8? I just want to hear where your head's at.

27:10 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, well, I need to kind of study the documentation we have. Do you think that's completely redundant at this point?

27:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. What documentation? What documentation? Yeah, most of the plans we have are going out the window. Okay, so we kind of have to figure out the complete new plan.

27:30 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  So I think I want the three of us to come up with a new plan.

27:36 - Natascha Tiotuico
  Yeah, and the GTC document that Dan one time put in there, it's very general. So we can also kind of use that as, like, that's the basis of every community.  It's just how to implement those structures. But the GTC document should still be relevant. I'll take a look at it.  right now. I'm going to send that to Zero8 right now so he has it. You can just flip through it.

27:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Zero. Some ideas about what the co-unity team proposed a while ago that we ever actually really got locked into executing on this plan.

28:08 - Natascha Tiotuico
  And it's very high level, like what you actually do in the things can still be adjusted. And that's the plan we need for now to start taking action.  But the DTC makes a nice model about how to like cultivate communities. What is the main point, et cetera.  So that document doesn't really like deprecate that much.

28:40 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  And are there any other calls that we have this week except for the like the standoff call with the whole team?

28:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, that's it. Every day, every day we have a standup. And that's it. That's the only call that happened.  And then what we ship. That's the only call happening right now. All the other calls have been canceled. Oh, good.  Just doing, like, a quick 30-minute stand-up, and then we're going. And then, like, any of ones that you booked for these community touch bases.

29:08 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay, so basically, just to get a hint of the team, so our team is five people right now? Like, you, me, Tash, James, and...

29:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Alex, and then James, and, yeah, Xena is kind of, like, stepping back, Kush is stepping back, Joe is dealing with some personal issues.  Um, Hunkar is working on how to dial accelerator, so he's basically stepping back, so yeah, that's, that's the, that's the crew.

29:39 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Well, I think we have, like, lean teams are better, right, than, like... I think so.

29:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think so. I'm glad. We had too many voices.

29:49 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah, but the whole, the whole tricky thing is going to be to, because we, what's our product at the moment?  So, what's the product at... That's the main trick. If we have that, then we can create a community strategy.  can create a retention plan. We can reach out to calls and hint them, hey, just tweet about this, tweet about that.

30:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So basically, you can imagine the way that Joe described it and the way that I've been around it is we have the mother ecosystem.

30:26 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Right? Let me just draw this out for you real quick.

30:29 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Do you guys have five more minutes? I can just draw this out. I think this will really help contextualize things.  Yeah, you do. This will take two minutes. So let's get here. Okay. I haven't already drawn it. Okay. So here's how it looks.  Thank you. Thank you. Thank Okay, yeah, let's see. I think it's this one. Okay, so basically, this is the mother ecosystem, okay?  And to start, this is actually, this is kind of like deceiving because it looks so busy and big, and it's absolutely not like this right now.  It's very little. It's actually just, this is what we're going to start building first, this. We're just going to start building the motherboard.  And we have, this is kind of like our shiniest product. This is the mother ecosystem. And eventually, when we have TGE, we're also going to launch a data, which has like key functionality for, you know, the agents to govern themselves and incentives to be distributed differently.  But like, this is all we have right now is we have, this is our main product is the motherboard, right?  It's this registry layer, coordination layer thing. It allows, and it's already built. It allows communication. To communicate autonomously, to transact autonomously, and there's an orchestration layer that helps organize all the agents, okay?  That's all we have.

32:08 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Sorry to interrupt, is there a doc on what, so is the motherboard description in the Notion so I can get a...

32:14 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yes, it is actually. If you actually look up these two documents I created, I'm going to send them to you right now.  If you look up the words SSOT, then you'll find two documents. It's SSOT means single source of truth, because I was finding that there's a lot of words flying around, and I'm like, what's the single source of truth for all these kinds of things?  So I created two documents. You'll see it. One is the mother ecosystem, SSOT, and one is the motherboard, SSOT.  And in it, let me just share my screen here so you can see a little differently. And this was more or less agreed on.  I think that for now, this is the description. You can always tease out some new descriptions, but this is the gist of what it is.  So this is the motherboard SSOT. you. you. And then Mother Ecosystem SSOT. I include short, like, what it is, so short descriptions as well as longer description.  I talk about its core functionalities. These don't exist, by the way. These are, like, later. This is the core functionality, like, what it does.  This is how to use it. How does it work? And the different groups that are, you know, using it, which might change, but those are the groups.  Who is it for? How does it compare? Why would our audience use it? And, like, our value proposition, and just the mission, vision, purpose.  And then I'll eventually include testimonials for any good SaaS product that's testimonials. That's the gist. And then the motherboard, same thing.  You can see about the product here, what it is, what does it do. I would actually focus on this one more, because this is, like, the only thing we have.  We don't have an ecosystem yet. How it works, and who it's And one thing that we're missing right now is we're missing this, like, I asked, like, what would have us finish this product and launch this product?  And the thing is, is that the motherboard is built. It's a protocol. It's built. It's ready to be used.  The thing is, is what we need to have is, like, people were, I was, like, asking myself, like, what means that ready?  This is what I put down as ready. This is just my own notes. Don't be this. But I'm like, what would it mean for mother to have an MVP?  Well, there's some technical things. needs to demonstrate value. And it needs to be valued in market and growing. And right now we have very little of these.  And I think that one of the biggest ones. So this, I think, is ready to go. This is ready to go.  I don't know if it's been audited yet, but this is the most important thing. Is a minimum of 10 to 20 agents that successfully onboarded and are generating revenue.  Because once we have that, like automatically these get checked and. And we have, what I would say, an MVP.  Like, we have our first product.

35:07 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay. So, but like, just to get a distinction, so you said that your agents will be placed in our registry, but that doesn't...  so. That doesn't equal onboarded and generating revenue or does it?

35:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, it doesn't. Well, it means onboarded. But not generating revenue.

35:26 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay. That's right.

35:27 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So we need to, that's what we're going to use, the testnet tokens first, to simulate revenue being generated. And then we need to actually get communities doing it with actual dollars and stuff like that.  And that's, we're going to come up with that plan after we figure out the testnet thing. First, we've got to figure out that the functionality works.

35:49 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay. That's part of the game plan.

35:53 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And that's part of what James needs to figure out is what's that roadmap. So like, okay, we got tipping function first.  Great. Okay. Now we can pay agents with this... Valueless token. Great. Now what? And James will have the kind of the roadmap moving forward on that.  But as long as we're creating the behavior, I think it's already better than where we're at right now, which is absolutely nothing happening.

36:15 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Well, it's not nothing. We have like 20 people active in the Discord.

36:20 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Wow. Amazing. That's really going to make a business for us. Not really, not really. No, it won't. Yeah.

36:28 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  It won't.

36:31 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Any other questions, Zero8, that you're feeling like if you had this information, you'd feel a lot more clear?

36:39 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Well, this was kind of the information. Like, what are the most important documents that I should look at? So it's basically the motherboard SSOT and like the other thing you sent me, right?

36:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Both of them are SSOTs. I mean, I would hang out on the growth page. They have so much stuff.  But actually, a lot of it, I would just focus on the SSOTs just to give a general sense. So what it is, what the products are and stuff like that.  This GTC document I sent you in Telegram is what the CoUnity team put together. And I think that those are based on what you already know about the project.  Those are the most important things right now to understand.

37:19 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  And then we're still running the agents intelligence live streams.

37:22 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  That's still like a funnel for agents. And we just want to come up with the structure for this community and figure out who it is that we want to invite and what kind of activities we want to create to foster that really ideal community that will then in the long run be our ambassadors and evangelists so that when we're ready to TGE and stuff like that, they're ready to help us promote and get excited about it.

37:45 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Okay. So what I got from this whole call was we need two things. Like we need a strategy to farm the farmers, right?  Like we want to farm the farmers and to create a genuine, a genuine community.

38:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, yeah. We'll see what Dan says, but I think that it would be good to have them coexisting in the same Discord, where you have just a lot of activity in the Discord, and you have very exclusive sections for builders who are part of our Hack With Us weekend, builders who are part of our incubator program, builders who are looking for curated resources and want to have discussions about it.  Like, those will be areas that it's really difficult and frankly undesirable for Sybils to have access to those areas.  Yeah.

38:34 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool.

38:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Let's do it. Anything else? Let's Okay, so we're going to meet together on Wednesday. Taps is putting together HiLiv08.  It's really important that you also put together what you're seeing as a vision for Like a really great community strategy and plan because you have, I think, some very strong ideas that we need to take a look at.  And It would be helpful for me if you articulated them more so that we could really kind of tease them out and see what makes it for us.  And then I'm going to start looking into audiences. Cool? Cool, cool, cool, cool.

39:12 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  I'm going to do that. The main reason I wanted to have this call was to just clear out all the things that are not important.

39:20 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  okay.

39:22 - Razvan Matei Popescu
  Because if I looked at all the documents, I just... . .
