 00:01 James Young How are you? 
 00:03 Natascha Tiotuico Good. I had a long day with Nick from like the Found one of the founders of CO unity, so it was good. Talked a lot about Mother and Gaia, so. 
 00:18 Alex Lumley Nice. 
 00:19 James Young Awesome. 
 00:20 Alex Lumley Good to see you. 
 00:21 James Young Coach J. Missed you yesterday and it looks like Alex is here too. Yeah. Great. Okay. I don't know if we're waiting specifically on anyone else. A08 Good to see you here too. I don't know if we're waiting for anyone else, but maybe we can just jump into it and give some time back if we end up early so I can give a quick status update. I've been working on this Orchestrator agent and it's going actually better than I thought it was. The AI actually picked up a lot more than I anticipated because I would just. When I'm done with something, I would say, what are we missing? And that's kind of my conclusion prompt. And then I get into these like mini rabbit holes with it. But it's like super robust. It's. It's just kind of crazy. 
 01:22 James Young And so anyway, I can talk about that for a long time, but I won't. So I'm going to be wrapping up the unit test probably today or tomorrow, depending on how far I go down. And then I think we're going to be in a good spot to maybe not tomorrow or Friday, but like next week launch the Orchestrator. And it's really robust and it has this path to MCP A to A. It starts as a monolith, but it has all these incremental iterations that we can do. And I think, yeah, what I'm anticipating based off of yesterday's conversation. And I started not explicitly telling Windsurf, but just putting in like these different opportunities when it comes to. And this is to catch Coach J up. I don't know if you. Coach Jay, listen to yesterday's call. 
 02:17 James Young There's going to be a few TGs coming up. How do we incorporate that into the community planning? And I think what I would be interested in, and this again is referencing yesterday's call, Tasha saying like, CO Unity has different agreements and, you know, we have to respect the kind of boundaries for different projects. But there's a lot of overlap. You know, specifically Lit's going to have their TGE guys going to have their tge and then Mother will have its team tge. And can we incorporate this Orchestrator agent and help toward these different TGEs? So it's not like we are asking third parties to pay us. We can actually test this in a live scenario. I Wouldn't call them first party because first party is mother. But I wouldn't call them third party like clients or customers. They're kind of second party. 
 03:14 James Young So we have one first party, two second parties. And also along with that, Alex was saying we can get interviews and get other communities maybe if they're going through the TGE process or kind of planning it. You know what I see and what I've been talking about with AI in this context is like, okay, what happens right up to leading up to a TGE or like a, let's call it a meme coin launch, how do you gear up a community? What do you need to do to support that? And then after the token launch or the tge, how do you prevent down only from happening through support of the community and engagement and taking into account also in the AI market makers and centralized listings. 
 04:06 James Young And so actually when I talked to the AI and specifically called out different centralized exchanges, it actually knows and has good information on that. I don't know how it does, but it does. At least chatgpt and CLAUDE do. And there's actually even a strategy there in terms of centralized listings going from like B tier to a tier to DEXs and all of that. So it actually is really comprehensive. And I think that there is a really interesting playbook that can emerge because when were talking about and I was in a meeting with Matt talking about mother AI and the tge, there was do we go DEX only first? Do we do centralized? And decks, do we go centralized first? And asking the AI about these considerations, it actually has decent information. 
 05:13 James Young And I can only imagine as we check in all of our meetings and notes and transcripts, it's only going to get better because the market is going to change. And I think the experiential AI approach or process organizationally that we are trying to get to will help us stay at the cutting edge. So we're not just asking ChatGPT and it's staled information from like three months ago. And so this is really interesting. Oh, Matt. 
 05:46 Matt Wright Yo, what's up everybody? So late. 
 05:50 James Young Hey, hey, no worries. Just giving a recap of just context of what's been happening. And so I don't know. Matt, do you have any agenda items that you wanted to share? Are you just in listening mode? 
 06:07 Matt Wright Yeah, I just want to listen. I think the kind of the big overarching thing is, you know, James and I want to do we want to conduct a shift in, you know, how we're kind of shipping mother and there's the you know, product and engineering side of the conversation. But then there's also go to market. We had a call with the team that would help us get the token live. And there's just an immense need to scale marketing like developer marketing. And so, you know, I think the best way to divide and conquer would be, you know, on the next standup I can give a light overview on the general strategy. We can maybe chat through what are the key components we need to manage together and then like what's the timeline look like? And then we just need to divide and conquer again. 
 06:58 Matt Wright We're kind of running on $0 budget. We don't want to make anybody promises. So this current state we just need people that are kind of in it for the long haul. But yeah, happy to listen in on the progress and just know that Dan's going to have a lot of things moving. 
 07:14 James Young Yeah, thanks for that. Since you haven't been here for a stretch, let me try and give. 
 07:26 Matt Wright Kind. 
 07:26 James Young Of an overarching kind of tldr. And please, anyone else that wants to provide feedback or jump in, please jump in. Where to start? So you know, we had the middleware in the process of the middleware, MCP88 came out, we have this like fast track program and that fast track program led to this orchestrator agent. This orchestrator agent is MCP ADA aware and I know that Toby was doing some kind of coordinator agent as well. 
 08:02 James Young So I open sourced what we've been working on and kind of in the process of doing this, what we decided to do as an org is to put all of our transcripts, all of our meetings, everything into GitHub as well so that we have this like not just a coordinator agent for agents, but a coordinator agent that can look into our marketing strategy, our comm strategy, what the community is doing and the code for the orchestrator itself. 
 08:33 James Young So taking this like orchestrator agent paradigm and then up leveling it to the whole entire org because we have so many different side chats and things like that we want this agent, even when I'm coding, to look into what the latest conversations are happening on the marketing side and then inform kind of how and what features to prioritize from a code perspective or from a marketing perspective and all of that. And so the marketing team can do the same. We where's the code at? What's the latest check in? So what can marketing do with that and what can marketing immediately promote? So this helps with coordination reduction because that's what the orchestrator agent is supposed to do. And so we started that I think last week and I'm working on this orchestrator agent again. 
 09:27 James Young MCP8A aware I spent a lot of time on the design process and I won't go into too much detail there but what I'll say is that the AI in the design knows kind of the North Star of what is going to be built. But I told it to back down so that. And just implement everything as a monolith right now. And the AI knows the context of how to kind of iterate toward what we want to go to based off of what happens in like marketing and comms. And so that's this like organizational synthetic LED work that work or hybrid work that we're going through right now. 
 10:17 Matt Wright And I know there's all that open like for people to play with in public for. 
 10:21 James Young Yep, yeah, I think it's all open. Like I know the code that I've been contributing to in terms of the Orchestrator agent that's all open source. I don't know Coach Jay or Tash are all the meeting notes and everything. I know that we try to be open. 
 10:38 Jonathan Miller Yeah. 
 10:38 James Young Okay. Yeah. So anyone like let's say an investor comes in and the investor instead of like having to do a pitch can come prepared to a pitch meeting going okay, point your personal agent investor to these meeting notes and all of that. Ask it questions and prep it so you don't, you know, you can get to the meat when you're actually doing a pitch. So I think that this can also inform investment and all of that. And so yeah, we're building. 
 11:06 Matt Wright Yeah. 
 11:07 James Young The org in public as well. 
 11:09 Matt Wright No, I love it. I think there's probably some items that like maybe it's not internal meeting notes. Maybe it's like it sounds like it's everything that we discuss in a public setting like what we shipped kind of deal which I think is dope. So as long as I think where I'm trying to get to is for the go to market we need to educate what is decentralized AI and what are these agents doing, like what does this feature look like and then let people touch the technology, perhaps contribute to it as developers or even as non technical folks give feedback on it. So we need to create more campaigns that are less about kind of like the interviews we've been doing on what other people are doing in the space. I think is great. 
 12:03 Matt Wright However, what's more powerful is if we get these tools in the hands of our community and we figure out ways to share it in either blogs or perhaps just simple tweets, maybe CMAs or technical demos. That's going to drive up a lot of the marketing hype. And then there's a few other strategies. So, Coach Jay, I think me and you can like put our heads together on what we have already. And then how do we kind of showcase this to developers and to the wider community? Because that's going to get people excited. That's just my. My two cents. 
 12:36 James Young No, absolutely. And that's the purpose of the Orchestrator agent. We're going to start with quizzes and go to polls and quests. And every time you answer a quiz within the mother AI discord, the questions and the answers are all on chain. And so you're actually doing transactions in chat. And so I think the go to market and the marketing is driving people to partly is to interact in the mother AI discord. And what is driving all of this tech is Gaia and lit and collab land under the hood. And so you're actually using the tech you're promoting while you're promoting it. And I think that's a very powerful marketing message because people can actually see it in use as we're building it. And so that's what I'm hoping that we get deployed. 
 13:29 James Young I don't think I'll be able to finish all the unit tests tomorrow or by today, but probably by tomorrow. But then the Orchestrator agent then will then take like a couple more days. So I'm going to work over it on the weekend and hopefully deploy it. Let's say, like, maybe that will be one of the highlights for what we shipped on next. Not this Friday the 9th, but on the 16th. 
 13:59 Alex Lumley All right. 
 13:59 Matt Wright If I can, if I can get my hands on the. Like, I just haven't been here. So my apologies. But yeah, if I get my hands on the tech, like, if I can, I'll definitely GitHub again and then see where we're like the call to action the developers. And then I'll see the kind of the devex on the operator agent orchestrator agent. I'll package up a. Like, Coach Jay, you and I can package up a communication strategy on how do we drive people to these activities. That's. That's where we should start. 
 14:32 Alex Lumley Cool. Awesome. 
 14:34 James Young I see 08 and then Alex both have hands raised. 
 14:40 Razvan Matei Popescu Yeah, sorry. Like, my cat's biting my hand. Like, I know he's begging for attention. So like, I just wanted to compliment like what Matt said about Mother Live Streams and interviews, like when the quiz agent is ready, like we can actually ask people, quiz people from those live streams in the Discord. So ask them and tip them based on that. So that's just something I wanted to like touch it. 
 15:07 James Young Totally. This is how, this is how you get like a true community building going. Yeah. Awesome. 
 15:16 Matt Wright Excellent. 
 15:17 Alex Lumley Matt, I know you mentioned a little. 
 15:19 Alex Lumley Bit like the GTM and the community stuff. 
 15:23 Alex Lumley Like were you thinking about that more. 
 15:25 Alex Lumley As GTM towards one, towards what consumer. 
 15:29 Alex Lumley And towards the TG launch date or how are you. How are you kind of thinking about that? 
 15:33 Matt Wright I think we should create a 30 minute call and go through a figjam and just re architect it. Happy to add folks that are going to put hands on deck to that call, but yeah, let's do it there. It's a long combo for sure. 
 15:50 Alex Lumley Two of the things that we've kind of unpacked from the past couple weeks is like separating out like what we're doing in the MOTHER AI strategy and talking to initial like pilot customers, but with the realization that, okay, let's focus everything on Discord, let's focus everything on community building, let's focus everything on TGE because that gives us some constraints to actually start to implement, to make product decisions. By doing that we can actually allow MOTHER or sorry James, like Free Reign to work on MOTHER and allow him. 
 16:24 Alex Lumley To just almost be an artist through. 
 16:27 Alex Lumley A lot of the stuff that he understands from Collab Land and kind of working through what do we think will kind of work in this way. And then Tosh and I have been talking about how we can work with CO Unity and actually go after other communities and try to get like actual. 
 16:40 Alex Lumley Sales in the door for multiple reasons. 
 16:43 Alex Lumley But also because that'll allow us to like, because we're not going to get grants, we're not going to get fundraising, we're not going to get things immediately. That gives us another data point to say, hey, we're driving transactions, we're driving things with other communities. And that gives us more specifications around what do other communities need outside of mother. And so as, as Gaia goes to tge, as Lick goes to tge, we now have MOTHER as a reference place where we as a petri dish so we can experiment in James Conrodden we have these other two kind of very close concierges and then we have other people that we're looking to sell to ASAP based on whatever we're building. Because the hypothesis is that what we're. 
 17:25 Alex Lumley Building with the Orb trainer, all those. 
 17:27 Alex Lumley Things will likely be valuable enough for people to actually want to sell it. Now, what doesn't get included in that is the actual developers, because we can start to bring in more developers over time. 
 17:37 Alex Lumley But initially, even with just, even with. 
 17:40 Alex Lumley Just these three to five kind of basic agents, that's enough to get us some traction, validation, and then that's what the developers will actually need to kind of want to come in more. Since we don't have grants to give out, we don't have other things to. 
 17:52 Alex Lumley Give out, but we can start actually bringing in some revenue closer and keep people interested. 
 18:04 Matt Wright Awesome. 
 18:05 James Young Excellent. Yeah. Part of what is informing this is that just recognizing that like we don't always need to just start on the supply side with the agents, but on the demand side. And that's just overall kind of at the highest level. What I look to in terms of mother and what we're doing, what Collab Land can bring is just our distribution and so we can start on the demand side and immediately deploy what we've built into these collab landed communities and that will give us Demand signal because, you know, this month has been, we've been running Collab Land for five years. And so this is also, I think what Alex is talking about in terms of co unity helping out with that as well. In terms of like, what does that playbook look like? 
 19:05 James Young Is there a playbook here that through these agents we can discuss? One of the things that I would like to get some more insight on. I know Matt and I had talked about this. I don't have clear understanding, but I would love to try and understand this is if we could use the Gaia domains as a pumped up fund. But it actually has teeth behind it because it's not just launching a token, but it's also backed with all of this community engagement stuff that we can then. And this is where CO unity comes in. Look at patterns across different communities to remove that cell pressure, whether it's like engagement in the discord or telegrams staking and things like that. So I think there's a narrative here collectively with multiple TGEs happening. 
 20:11 James Young Is there something new here, innovative that actually adds more value and can like move the industry forward? So it's not just about a content coin launching a token and then down only. It's like how do we before the tge cultivate that community, TGE is a point in time. And then after tge now they have the token, what can you do with it to keep the community engaged there and you know, remove some of that cell pressure to keep the price stable. Because we all recognize that like there's this whole framework that I've talked about, but it starts with attention. And what gives attention is price. And so if a price is staying and not going down only that keeps the attention and the excitement and that community going. I know there's a couple hands of Tasha and then that. 
 21:11 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. So from the community side, like we have a few communities that go into TTE and we accompany them. And where I see the most benefit about the MOTHER Orchestrator is that as the tool set, like we do a lot of bespoken strategies and MOTHER Orchestrator is kind of the tool set to get that realized or implemented quicker than with the existing tools. That's why like I saw James, you also talked to Pluno AI because that's like one of the bots that we normally use that we know people pay money for. That goes into the business development modeling of how we can actually sell MOTHER to like the demand side and the agent side on distribution. So. 
 22:09 Natascha Tiotuico So I think if next week we can start like showing the features of MOTHER Orchestrator and start like eating our own dog food first on the features and then we can create this bigger TGE playbook. So yeah, that was the input for me. 
 22:32 James Young Yeah, aligned, totally aligned there. I know. Matt, you had your hand raised, but you lowered it. I don't know if you wanted to say something. 
 22:39 Matt Wright Yeah, I was just going to say some really cool thing that James tapped on is part of the token economics that would be interesting is protocol owned API or AI inferences. So like via API. So imagine like, so you have a MOTHER guy domain, like MOTHER guy domains. It's really just a supernode, like a guy supernode. And say we have different nodes. One's trained on the Orchestrator agent database, for example. 
 23:11 Alex Lumley And. 
 23:14 Matt Wright Right now the Orchestrator agent probably is using CLAUDE as its LLM endpoint, I imagine. And to get access to the API you have to go through Web two, let's just say KYC or some sort of permissioning with your account. You have to pay some sort of fee at the end of the day, like you know someone's paying. And so with the Gaia MOTHER domain, what you could do is MOTHER could host the node that's training the Orchestrator agent and then any AI agent that's on the registry because it's using smart contracts, we could provably give them access to that API endpoint token gated APIs. And so mother is serving itself and its community AI, which is kind of wild and so like it creates a really good narrative of like sovereignty but also incentive to be on the registry. 
 24:15 Matt Wright As an agent, you get access to free AI services for a certain category. We can expand that if you know, they want a community a DAO to eventually help them subsidize the cost of a generalized large language model that's hosted by a domain. It's a really interesting concept. MOTHER could be the kind of first real use case to show how all that would work. But yeah, that's just. James touched on something really cool and you can own MOTHER tokens and stake them on these Gaia nodes. We basically would enable the. Of the staking there and it gives a ton of utility to the MOTHER token. So there's some interesting things we can unbake there but. Or unpacked. But yeah, we're working on it. 
 25:05 James Young Yeah, I think this is really emergent and I think this is a great opportunity and let's just capture this low hanging fruit and see what's. And use what's in front of us. Okay. I know that Coach J is off starting tomorrow and we'll miss the Friday what we ship. But you're coming back next week? 
 25:28 Jonathan Miller Yeah, following Friday. But I mean like I'm still like, I've got my phone. I'm just chill. 
 25:34 Alex Lumley Like I'm. 
 25:35 Jonathan Miller It's like a pretty chill trip. I just won't. I won't necessarily be on lots of calls, but I'll be able to. I'll be able to stay up to date if we're communicating in Slack and even listening to meetings I'll be able to do. 
 25:44 Alex Lumley Because we're doing a bunch of. 
 25:46 Jonathan Miller Yeah. 
 25:46 Matt Wright How are these calls going by the way? Sorry, I've been kind of touching. Go. But are they getting a lot of engagement from the community? We have enough content. How's it looking? 
 25:56 Jonathan Miller The streams? Yeah, they have slowed down quite a bit. Like the viewership has dropped pretty consistently over the last several streams. We're also kind of grasping for more of these projects. I know 08 is closer to it than I am. So yeah, we're. We were just. We literally just talked about how. Because were doing it every single day. I think it was like overwhelming people who were following us on Twitter. So we are going to bump it down a little bit and kind of slow it down a little bit. 
 26:30 Jonathan Miller But I mean it created a great pipeline for us and we got immediately in with like a bunch of agent projects, very few of which are actually MCP ready or a TOA ready or any kind of ready, which I think was like a huge learning for us is how immature the agent space is in defi. Although we talk about it, I think there's very few players doing most of the transactions and that's pretty much it. So, yeah, that's what's going on. That's my update at least. 
 27:00 James Young Awesome. 
 27:01 Razvan Matei Popescu Yeah, totally. On the streams, we're probably gonna do 2, 3 instead of like 5, 6. That's probably overloading, like our small audience. And maybe when we have the quiz bot ready, like with the incentives, we will get more people to follow up on the live streams. That's the. The hope. And when people flood the Discord, like, I'm sure a lot of them will want to watch the live streams, but like, yeah, it's just a matter of more experimentation there, I think, to kind of get more because, like, I don't know if it helps us that much if we have like a lot of viewers on the live stream necessarily. 
 27:43 Razvan Matei Popescu It does because, like, grabs their attention, but like, it's not like there's a direct correlation between that and like growing like our own Discord community in a way because, like in the beginning we had like between 50 and 500 viewers. But like, so, yeah, I don't know. I guess people were hyped up about. You never know why that stuff happens necessarily on X, but like, I can assume it was because like of the node cell and that. But like the hope is we can like 10x those numbers. 
 28:18 Alex Lumley So one last question for you, Matt, be. Thanks. Thanks. Question for you, Matt. Before you bounce, was talking tosh and one thing I wanted to check with you is if it's okay with you if Tosh shares some of the stuff that Gaia Discord is working on. I'm happy to sign an NDA and all that stuff, but it's more from a. That can help us define if we're talking to other communities, the requirements they have, so then we can build towards those. 
 28:49 Matt Wright Yeah, I think it's totally fine. 
 28:51 Alex Lumley Cool. 
 28:52 Alex Lumley Is there anything else you need from. 
 28:53 Alex Lumley Matt to feel comfortable kind of sharing some of that stuff? 
 28:56 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. So reason here for is like, I just want to keep the. The NDA that co unity signs with Gaia. Right. So if. If it's okay for you, I will. I would share more of the details. I just wanted to make sure with you first, Matt, that it's okay to share like some. Some of the interviews I did with, for example, you and Ian and Rancher I can put up an email on that just to make sure because we don't want to mix up that too much. Like, I'm glad to bring the cross border knowledge in, but I just want to make sure that we keep those borders clear and want to get your consensus on that. 
 29:50 Matt Wright Yeah, we can just do it over email. That's not a problem. I think as long as it's just community, I don't see any issue. We can maybe, yeah. Go through any examples, but yeah, sounds fine. 
 30:03 Natascha Tiotuico Okay, great. 
 30:06 Matt Wright As long as it's not like shared like technically, like externally, it's fine. Like if it's just me talking about the community and our vision like it's public information. If it's like how we're technically setting with Discord, it's kind of just for the contributors here, like the core team and I think we should establish who that core team is. It's not just anyone that can come in and they had to have some extra hours. I think I want to set the precedent here that if you're kind of working on MOTHER right now and with me, Stride, and we want to do a lot of really cool stuff, you know, there's a process. You can't just let anyone come in. And again, this operation, I don't get access to like internal information. We build them public, of course, but there's definitely some shop that's privileged. 
 30:57 Matt Wright So like I'm talking about mother. Yeah. Does that sound okay? Like we can just figure out what's, what would make sense to send over? 
 31:10 Alex Lumley Sure, that makes sense. 
 31:11 Alex Lumley And by the way, Matt, that's just so you know, there's something we're also defining with CO Unity. This is, I was going to talk about Latash after this is if we're going and interviewing some of these other customers or talking to other potential clients and, or selling some of these agents stuff, how to work with CO Unity on that stuff because that's obviously a place of CO Unity's expertise. 
 31:33 Matt Wright Awesome. Yeah, that'd be great. I think it'll benefit us all regardless. So I'm very open to it. I fear that if we lend in the floodgates of like, oh, these advisors are going to get access to all these things, it can get messy. So as long as the porteum is established and there's process to how we're, you know, kind of custody and things internally, I'm cool with. Cool with it. 
 31:59 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. So for us that also means we have to watch out, which Meetings we put into the context and which are open and which are closed because there's going to be some sense of sensitive information in some meetings. So we should be very clear on what is open and what is just for the core team. 
 32:26 Matt Wright Yeah, yep. Appreciate it. Yeah. And in general, like we're an open community. Both, both teams. But yeah, it's just, it can start some weird, unproductive conversations if it's not handled properly. 
 32:45 James Young Yeah, that's right. We have to define those boundaries. So thanks for clarifying and we'll figure this out. Maybe it's better to be safe at first and then open it up more. But yeah, we definitely need a process here when it comes to like who we consider core and something that we have to establish internally here. And so yeah, that's great. We're four minutes over. One last thing that I'll say before we leave is that Coinbase announced their payment protocol x402 and it's being backed by. 
 33:25 Matt Wright We're doing integration with them if you want to get in touch. 
 33:28 James Young Yeah, I've been looking into it. It's really simple and I think this is this kind of again I will say, you know, and I'm talking to Don from Nevermind about this and how they're going to integrate it, but everything that we've done on, in the middleware layer and the starter kit, actually now we're seeing months later other, you know, big companies kind of, whether it's MCP, ADA A or X402 with payments, it's like we are definitely in the right direction and now we don't have to build out all that scaffolding. Now we get huge signal which I hope and I'm anticipating will just give us more validity as we integrate these things in. But we've done the exercise of what it means to integrate and how to design this. Now we are like a leg up. 
 34:22 James Young So I think this is our opportunity to strike because, you know, I think there's this now multi agent piece that I think we have probably a shelf life of maybe like four months just seeing the pace of where a, how quickly AI is moving to that we have this like advantage on that. We want to just make sure that we're always staying at least like a step ahead. But yeah, I think this is huge validation as well and things are shaping up. So this is our window. That's all say and this is why I'm working so hard to make this happen. And from that we've gotten emergent design organizationally on how to work in this hybrid synth environment, which we wouldn't have insight into unless we've went through this process. And so I'm really excited to. To keep pushing forward. 
 35:21 Matt Wright So with that, I'll just second on that real quick, like two seconds. But I just want to say, like, I appreciate all of you guys for being patient with the process. It's not easy doing things on the bleeding edge and, you know, just happy to be in it with you and. Yeah, just appreciative, I'll say. 
 35:42 James Young Yeah, same. We're making things happen and I think that we have this kind of leg up on terms of kind of community support when it comes tokenized communities. And I think we're the right group to make this happen. 
 35:58 Matt Wright Awesome. 
 35:59 James Young Excellent with that. Happy hump day. Happy Wednesday, everyone, and see everyone tomorrow. Excellent. 
 36:08 Alex Lumley Tasha, do you have five minutes? Yeah. 
 36:22 Alex Lumley Oh, hey, I want to hear how. 
 36:23 Alex Lumley I went with Nick. 
 36:26 Natascha Tiotuico Should we jump on another call? Somehow your earphones aren't connected well today. 
 36:32 Alex Lumley Can you. Can you hear me at all? 
 36:33 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I can hear you, but sometimes. 
 36:36 Alex Lumley One second. Let me, let me unplug this. Can you hear me? 
 36:44 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, better. 
 36:46 Alex Lumley Nice. 
 36:47 Natascha Tiotuico Sorry, I was just saying, should we. Should we jump on another call or. How much time do you have? 
 36:58 Alex Lumley Did you prefer to jump on another call? 
 37:04 Natascha Tiotuico Oh, no, somehow you're breaking up. I don't know. 
 37:08 Alex Lumley Yeah, I just. I just disconnected my Bluetooth because my. Because I don't have my. My. Sorry, I was just asking how it went with Nick and Co Unity. 
 37:17 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, so it went good. I have some homework to do. Just like, for example, just creating that email so that we're on the same page that we discussed the boundaries around it. Like, so Co Unity is all like, very excited for this product development, just creating those boundaries and how do we set it up? That's kind of the homework I took and the inspiration from what he told me just to clean those. Those ways for us. But otherwise it. It went well. Like, we're all excited for this to go forward and also good that Matt's coming in. 
 38:11 Alex Lumley So I think, yeah, if we can figure out, and I think it makes sense to kind of figure some of this out now. 
 38:17 Natascha Tiotuico Yes. 
 38:18 Alex Lumley And so I guess, like in the next couple days we'll have a better sense of it and while we're kind of playing out with the orchestrator, then we can go and do some more interviews next week and stuff. 
 38:27 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 38:27 Alex Lumley And go ahead. 
 38:30 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. I mean, if in the email the interviews are also within, I can also ask internally, like, who would have interest in joining and maybe the mother orchestrator of our different clients. I can ask the account managers and then maybe we can get permission to get either their existing interviews or their participation in a new interview. 
 38:58 Alex Lumley And that's something that like, whatever we end up deciding, we'll again, like check out James and Matt as well. But whatever we end up deciding, I want to make it in a way that there's so many unknowns that I don't want us to box ourselves in either way. Right? 
 39:12 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 39:13 Alex Lumley So it's like if we say something like, oh, we're going to exclusively partner with CO Unity, it. 
 39:19 Natascha Tiotuico No. 
 39:19 Alex Lumley Well, it doesn't actually make sense up front. Or if, or if CO Unity. Or if we say like CO Unity gets X percent of the revenue for whatever. Like, we don't. There's so many open questions. So how can we make it like, worthwhile for both of ours, at least in the short term and make it like we want to share stuff while also being like, okay, we understand that there's separate, that there's separation of churches. Stay here. And I think we can come to some sort of agreement. But what I care the most about is like, it's kind of in two different levels. 
 39:49 Alex Lumley One is that eventually I actually see there being a lot of potential work for CO Unity to partner with MOTHER and the orchestrator and supporting these communities and like, hey, here's the CO Unity recommended playbook and here's how those things tie into that. Right? Like, and we can figure out, okay, what does that look like in terms of how much people get paid, etc. The other thing is that like, early on, it's in the design of some of these things. Like, you guys have done a bunch of interviews, you guys have a bunch of knowledge. How do we plug those things in together? I don't know. 
 40:31 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, it's partial. Like I talked about like rev share or referrals. And just like having that, like I would even ask Matt what does he recommend going forward as like that guardrails. Right. It's like I'm not expecting a specific number or something. Just like the guardrails of where we're heading to and like, yeah, exclusivity isn't something like you never want to box yourself in like that. So yeah. 
 41:10 Alex Lumley And I think. And maybe it's as simple as like, okay, let's just start working together on. On Gaia and like, we'll share resources on. On Gaia because worst case scenario, at least you guys get products that should allow you to be faster on Gaia. 
 41:24 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, exactly. 
 41:26 Alex Lumley Like, and you. And, and you guys obviously can see all the code and leverage it where if anything happens with Mother, you guys, like, everyone could have access to the GitHub, but you guys would have the pathway along where we're sharing all this to you, where you guys could go and recreate it if you wanted to, right? 
 41:41 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, well, yeah, I mean, I'm still of all hopes that we're like, not hope, but putting my energy to make this succeed. So we don't want any blockers in that way, for sure. 
 42:00 Alex Lumley Cool. So I'll kind of hold off on some more of these questions that we need to have because I think like, for me, like the next steps are I need to talk to some people to get smart on like what a community is going to do and like having five hours of calls and setting those up with the right people, between you and I will just make this so much faster. And you've seen a lot. But I think my sense is that even though CO Unity has a bunch of playbooks, having people come at it from a different approach and talk about it from a product development lens will be like, oh, this is what's possible in the AI side. Here's what we've heard in terms of what the customers actually want. Here's some of the playbooks. We can actually map those together. 
 42:42 Alex Lumley So that's why I think it'll be worth redoing some of those conversations as well. Okay, does that make sense to you? 
 42:50 Natascha Tiotuico I'm not sure what ex. Like what exactly you're. You're aiming for in those interviews, because often we have interviews of like community managers. They, they just like manage a running community, but they don't. Sometimes some clients we've talked to don't even have a real strategy or don't even recognize the problems they have until we like guide them through. Like, okay, check your analytics. Are you doing like data informed decisions on your strategy? Are you like, do you even know who's in your discord and who's like chatting when. And like, you wouldn't believe how many of those communities, they don't even know what their problem is. So when what we can bring to the table is when we bring up some of those communities, what are our strategies? What do we do? 
 44:03 Natascha Tiotuico What kind of tools do we use and try to leverage those tools to fit into that use case to kind of like, for example, if we would take the analytics, if we have an AI agent, analytics for each Discord server, that would be already much more helpful than just getting them by hand or just a dashboard. 
 44:30 Alex Lumley What I care most about is like, my goal is to get 10 paying customers of mother. What I care most about is like, what causes community. And I don't even know community managers, is it CEOs, the growth people? What causes someone to purchase community management tools? And ideally it's not just one, right? Because I want to understand like, hey, what's the most recent thing you bought and why'd you buy it? But I think when you're buying or the MOTHER orchestrator, you're actually purchasing a slew. So what I kind of want to understand is it might end up being a little bit of a what caused someone to purchase CO Unity? Because that's probably where you're really leveling up. But I also want to understand like what caused someone to say, oh yeah, I need like a bunch of these things, bring them together. 
 45:26 Alex Lumley And, and some of that is like, there's a lower level of what language are they speaking? Who are the important players in there? Like, what are the different tools? But at the end of the day, it's more about like, what is the story that caused them to say, I want to buy this. Because those are the places where MOTHER can fit in and likely where some service of CO Unity can also fit in. 
 45:49 Natascha Tiotuico I would even think of it a little bit the other way around. Why don't we take five to 10 communities, say, hey, we'll give you this concierge service, right, of how to use MOTHER and bill them like by the usage. Like, say, okay, now you've seen what it can do. If you do the pay as you go model, it would have cost you this. If you go on a flat rate or on a basic premium, whatever plan, it would cost you this. And that might. Because AI is so new. If you look at the market, nobody knows how to pay AI. Like I think Sintra did it pretty cute. Like they created these employees that you hire. But I would do it the other way around. Say, hey, do you want to be like an early adapter for your Discord? 
 46:48 Natascha Tiotuico Let's install MOTHER and then we'll make a price upon the traffic or upon the use cases. 
 46:56 Alex Lumley To be clear, in my view, it's actually both. You actually do both. And the approach that I'm taking with the first one is something called jobs to be done. And it's just all about like, theory is, is that there's no new jobs. Meaning even though AI is so new. People are still purchasing for some job to be done. There's some situation in their life, some progress that they want, and they're hiring something else. The fact that AI could potentially do it better or faster or cheaper or whatever doesn't change the fact that they still had a situation and they wanted to progress. So when they're hiring Pluno, when they're hiring something else and they're hiring Co Unity, these are all just existing solutions that Mother Orchestrator or even Co Unity could potentially replace. Which one fits best into the job? Who knows? 
 47:37 Alex Lumley But the point is that even just doing kind of five of those sorts of interviews and even just starting to get a sense of it from that lens allows us to then start to say, oh, here's the right language. And then we can also come back and do the Orchestrator, hey, try this out, test this out. What do you like? What do you not like? And then do interviews on those people. Again, that's just kind of like an iterative thing. But for me, I always start with like, what is the existing solution? Why did they bring that in? Because that gives us the. 
 48:06 Jonathan Miller Some. 
 48:06 Alex Lumley Some of the guardrails. 
 48:11 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I, I'm trying to process it because I'm like examples of when the mouse was invented, right? Nobody thought the mouse would be used and it could. I. I'm just thinking if it could have been found within this process. 
 48:32 Alex Lumley So, so an example of this, like, I did a project a long time ago on something called Jivo Jeevo was like a social robot, right? It was literally a social robot. Like this was 10 years ago before, like, any of this stuff about, like, where AI is at now, it could understand your mannerisms and basically like, say, hey, like here's the emotion you're currently emitting right now. And that's a great example of something that, like, you know, a solution in search of what the problem actually is. 
 48:57 James Young Right. 
 48:57 Alex Lumley So what do we do? We just, we determine, oh, we created a theory around where there is likely an existing solution. And then we interviewed around that and then found that. And theory was there's likely a lot of energy where people are buying, putting their parents into homes. And if you understand what the existing solution is, when I need to take care of my parent or going away from my parent, that is, you understand the energy and you realize, oh, the things that they're buying, the phone calls or setting things up, it's all existing solutions that aren't working as well as Jibo actually could. If you Notice later on Facebook came out with that video camera type of stuff and it's been everywhere. But it's through understanding when someone hires CO Unity, when someone hires no AI, there's certain things that they want done. 
 49:52 Alex Lumley And if we can understand at like the abstract level that we can say, oh, this is where the Orchestrator could fit in. Usage is different than purchase, how they actually use it and what they do with it. But if we understand the high level requirements they had, the trade offs they wanted to make, the hiring, firing criteria, etc. Then we can figure out where that fits in. Like I think if I remember talking to Dan a little bit about CO Unity, I happen to talk about this for hours by the way. So if I was remember talking to Dan about CO Unity, I was trying to unpack like what causes people to hire CO Unity. 
 50:27 Alex Lumley I think with like Jensen it was something around like sort of like in the framework the wording we almost, we often use is like when I am blank me so I can. So with Jensen it's like when I am like when I have paused my Discord for a while, my community for a while just to go back to doing what I was doing, help me reopen and reset everything. Like, so I can be serious about growing our community in the foreseeable future. Because the like in that moment they didn't just need one tool, they didn't just need two tools, they didn't just need to hire one person because they were like so, they were so open that they needed the best and they needed it now and they needed someone to reset everything and go dig through all the background stuff. 
 51:15 Alex Lumley And in that moment MOTHER wouldn't help them, the Orchestrator wouldn't help them. They needed CO unity. But the fact that CO UNITY could come in and use the orchestrator, then CO Unity could say here's the different tools that we need. And then their community manager can start to figure out which ones actually work for them. 
 51:39 Natascha Tiotuico We do that in our service. Like we help them measure how each tool works or how each tool can be used to be effective and measure the effectiveness. 
 51:50 Alex Lumley But my point is that in that story, yeah, we MOTHER needs CO Unity because without CO Unity MOTHER doesn't get in. 
 51:59 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I also see it at the moment still as like where AI agents are at. I still see it like as a tool bundle. So instead of researching does Discord have this tool? Does Discord Can Discord do this? Is there an agent I can plug into Discord? You have MOTHER who has this whole registry that can say, hey, this is the most reliable AI agent in our registry for your use case. So they MOTHER Orchestrator would like ping that specific AI agent. So the end user actually has like a toolbox that is like a Mary Poppins bag. Right. 
 52:47 Alex Lumley I think that's great and I think it's awesome. But my whole thing is how do we get to 10 paying customers and what are the things that are going to cause them to buy? Will they buy with the quizzes? Will they buy with something else? Because this is the problem we got into the last time with the registry. Oh, we can have all these agents in the registry. But what we realized is we like just by saying open to everything meant that we either had to go and develop it ourselves or we had to just let anybody in. But in reality we have to be a little bit more focused on like what do the. 
 53:17 Matt Wright What. 
 53:17 Alex Lumley What does the end consumer want and what are they willing to pay for? 
 53:20 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. So things like Pluno AI people pay for that. If I would say, hey, Pluno AI go through the MOTHER registry, you'll have these different tools to your. Like, we should find maybe three to five tools. Tools meaning AI agents that were fulfilled those jobs. And then you can tell mother because even if those tools already exist, the headache of finding the perfect tool and the changes and everything. Yeah, like it covers that. Starting with I would say three tools. Because MOTHER will update without you even knowing. Because if there's a better agent that fulfills that use case, it will just call that better agent. 
 54:09 Alex Lumley And we're saying the same thing. It's just a matter of where we're starting. Because like, because for me, I, I always start with like the existing solution because that allows me to understand before I go and sell. Because like, if you go and sell, then you're just. It's like an AB test. They say yes or no and you can do some design and understanding about that. But if I go and understand around existing solutions, then I can see the design space because like, I think where I think we'll end up, like for example, one of the bigger questions, I don't know is who we're actually selling to. Is it to community managers or is it to CEOs or heads of growth? And like, what level of community are we selling to and how much are they actually spending on these tools without you guys? 
 54:56 Alex Lumley Right. These are some of like. And this helps with some of that pricing stuff and all that. I don't quite. There's a lot of questions that I have around this stuff, which I think you guys will be able to answer a lot and give a bunch of data and input. But then, but then once, like, once we feel settled and we say, hey, Alex, we can do a few calls where it's just me asking you, me asking Tosh or sorry, Xavier and like the two of us asking one or two other people, then we can say, cool, here's the market. Now let's go find a few people to interview. Maybe you already have those interviews and if so, if I could listen to them, awesome. If not, then we go and find those. 
 55:35 Alex Lumley We do five and then we come back and we're like, hey guys, a couple of things we figured out. One, if we could replace these three tools, we would get $50 of service today. Wix and something else. 
 55:45 James Young Right? 
 55:46 Alex Lumley Can we do that? James, yes or no? And then, and then we come out and we basically say, hey, there's two very different types of communities, or probably more like three to four very different types of communities. The ones that is like three people and they don't have a community manager, they don't have a strategy and all they need are the basics. And this is their basic subset, whatever that is. But that's the kind of stuff that I want to, from the voice consumer side, I want to understand more of that. And so my, like, first you and I can have that conversation of just understanding and then we can talk to Xavier. But it's once we feel in agreement about what we can share and what we can't share. 
 56:24 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, like maybe I'm not understanding the problem, but I think we have like five to 10 communities we can sell to that are partnered with mother. So what speaks against like, who? So we would have. So MOTHER themselves are going to use it. So we as CO UNITY could say, okay, we're replacing these in these tools with mother. So the estimated price that we would have like called to pay for the bots is X. Right. So we can measure an actual price because we as CO UNITY could have also used Discord bots or something. We can like summarize those rough costs. Like if we get Pluno AI on, it's rather easy. Then we have a price point for mother. We have Gaia. So Gaia will feedback us truly what they think, if they think the value is being committed. 
 57:39 Alex Lumley Is there a reason why you don't want to do the interviews of the research or are you just trying to reduce some of the. 
 57:45 Natascha Tiotuico What I'm trying to do is maybe like I Think the interviews will slow us down currently and we have enough testers so we have the lit protocol afterwards. We worked with Nevermind. Intuition also has a discord. We have, I mean Eigen layer is partnered. We could start saying do you want to try out mother orchestrator? Would it be interesting? Can we like start installing it? And that's already six. So I think there were more communities that were. That we could approach the collab land. Right. So what my point is not, I don't want to block not doing the interviews. I want to say with seven possible communities where we could test this and see the traffic and what is useful and whatnot because they're serious communities. Is that not enough to create a business model on how much that should cost? 
 59:00 Alex Lumley No, because so the reason. So I guess the answer is yes, it always slows you down. Interviews always slow you down. But the argument I'm making is that it, you end up in a better place in the short to near term because you have, you basically do the interviews to understand, oh, this is why people bought. And then around those interviews say you do five to ten. Even if we could interview intuition, we could go back and interview all these people, hey, who owns your community? Yeah, what have you bought recently? Why did you buy, tell us the story, how you bought it, who bought it, how much you spend, etc. That gives us different data than usage data. What worked, what didn't. Because this is around the product and the solution and this is around their decisions they've made in the past. 
 59:46 Alex Lumley And then once we have these five, 10 interviews, right, then we can go back to them and say hey listen, oh, if I would have built this or if I would have built that, would you have purchased this or would you have purchased that? Yes, I would have bought that. No, I would not have bought that, etc. Then we know then we're not testing with an MVP and an orchestrator, we're actually testing of what do they actually want. And then we can say oh, we're building the quiz agent. But in reality what they really want is they want this other thing. And now we can see, oh, this is where the value is. This is what we're actually selling for. And so that's why I sort of said let James do his petri dish. 
 01:00:20 Alex Lumley We can still put in the petri dish in any of these places. And I'm saying let's step back and the higher level interviews that will give us more of the voice of consumer and where we can build towards yes, that's eventually where there's two things meet. 
 01:00:37 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. 
 01:00:37 Alex Lumley If that makes sense. 
 01:00:41 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. So for those interviews, we might have to take middle to lower tier communities because like higher communities, they want to hire somebody like co unity. And we make the decision what tools we use. Right. Like the client just signs off and says, okay, the subscription you can put on. The subscription you can put on. But we say, okay, we're using the tools. So we decide what tools. They don't even tell us what they, what tools they want. They just tell us their problem. And we say, hey, here's like the prioritized list of solutions we offer you. So people who do not hire high tier consultants or not consultants, but partners. Partners. 
 01:01:37 Alex Lumley Like this is actually one of the questions that I have is like for communities in discord, if we look at, you know, 100 of the largest communities, are they hiring community types? Like, are there a bunch of other co unity people out there or are they actually hiring a community manager or community hiring person? 
 01:01:57 Natascha Tiotuico So marketing and community managers mostly go hand in hand and then they have sometimes like an agency type people to do the execution or they tried to do execution best in house. 
 01:02:22 Alex Lumley Yeah. So, so first of all, this is super helpful, super interesting. I'm happy to like give you more of an explanation of and give you more of an explanation of why I'm so why I think the jobs are done are so important in this view. And, and I think once we have, once you have the email of like, yes, we feel comfortable talking about this stuff and discussing this and I guess Alex is happy to sign an NDA and like give you all this information. What? And I'm happy to give you all this information in like how do I tell you this? I mean so like the company used to work with like we did this for Dropbox and Facebook and also they paid us like a shit ton of money. 
 01:03:09 Alex Lumley So you guys can also have that and do whatever you want with it. So like, but at the end of the day I agree with you. Like I don't want to slow us down. But I also know that what tends to happen in product development is that when you go off of someone being an artist tend to find a local optimum and when you go off of the voice consumer and the existing solutions and you tie that in with the strategy, the voice consumer and the technical roast development, that's where you find the global optimum. And that's kind of the way that I'm thinking about it anyways. 
 01:03:48 Natascha Tiotuico Maybe why I'm challenging this so much because normally I'm on your discussion point and I'm doing my kind of devil's advocate here is because we are our own customers, so we're not building to fulfill other customer basis, you know, so we're eating our own dog food. So at the end of the day, if the tool doesn't help our use cases or the partnered components, community use cases like their real customers testing it out. It's not an artificial, like, oh, we're friends and everything. You need to like, you need to want. This is cool. Like if we as community would say, oh, this is much harder. Let's rather buy this Discord Bot X. We would say it. We wouldn't be like friendly and saying, oh, let's have a nice deal with this mother orchestrator. 
 01:04:54 Alex Lumley My concern is that when you end up doing that, you end up getting a lot more into usage and like usability and user experience rather than in the actual value props. Because what I foresee happening. So like say we do five interviews, first of interviews, just get a lay of the land and we're like, oh, wow, these communities are very different than these communities. We do another five interviews and then I'm like, oh, I'm starting to see some patterns that are emerging. These people, like, they actually. Discord is really only one small section. They care about telegram, Twitter and all these other stuff. Their community is across multiple places. Okay, they need something else. And this other one, everything's in discord, right? Or whatever. But what ends up coming out of it is that I'm able to. 
 01:05:38 Alex Lumley Once we have these definitions from the voice consumer and they say this is what I care about, then we can more quickly actually do paper prototypes. Basically. Hey, if we built you this thing that had X, Y, Z, like is it. Would that fit your need that you talked about? Oh, yeah, totally. Okay. Because we talked about it here. Would it be. Would you pay like a thousand, two thousand, three thousand for that? Like, what does that look like? And that is much different than saying, this thing that we've built, does this fit? Like, like, would you use this? How much would you pay for this? It allows us to get to that global optimum. That's the biggest thing for me. 
 01:06:15 Natascha Tiotuico So the interviews were actually looking for people who would not hire somebody like Co Unity or get their advice. We're looking for a bit smaller where they maybe can't even afford it. 
 01:06:28 Alex Lumley To be honest. I don't even know there's like one, to be honest. One of the hypotheses I have, and this is like, for me, these interviews will very much blur the line between CO UNITY and mother. One of the hypotheses I have this from talking to Dan a while ago. I actually had the recording. I should find the recording. I sent it to him. We talked for like two hours. It was actually a lot around this conversation. One of the hypotheses I have is that CO Unity, like any good consulting firm, has probably already gotten to like 100 utilization in terms of the number of clients I could take on. 
 01:07:05 Alex Lumley And therefore there are a bunch of customers further down the price point that maybe don't need all of Code Unity services and they could be serviced in a much higher level way with the leverage of mother. And maybe Code Unity doesn't get as much, but they can get more of those in a smaller second tier. Now they might also mean that there's certain number of community services clients that you guys are over serving by giving them too much support and you're probably maybe losing funds on. But if you had mother, you could actually work faster on that. And my hypothesis is that if we interview actually both of those, we'll actually start to find, like we actually interview multiple people. We'll actually start to find, oh, these are the people who might need CO Unity. These are people who need the MOTHER orchestrator. 
 01:07:58 Alex Lumley These are the people who need the TGE service. These are the people who need the growth announcement, whatever service. I don't know. But that's what we got to do the interviews. 
 01:08:09 Natascha Tiotuico So going further down the interviews, how do we, like, do you already have a script in mind? And how do we find the people that give us the best value to do those interviews? Like, I mean, which. 
 01:08:27 Alex Lumley Let me just share my screen real quick. One second. Oh, oh, yeah. So we can, we can also have another call on this tomorrow. I'll share this to you. This, this might illuminate it more. Please don't, I guess don't share this recording with anybody. But this is something I did a long time ago. 
 01:08:44 Natascha Tiotuico You're sharing it with the people in here. 
 01:08:47 Alex Lumley Whatever. I'm gonna kick out Matt's thing. Whatever. Matt's not gonna watch it. I don't, I don't know who else is in there. Who cares? No one else is gonna watch this thing. But basically this is like how we did it. Like a jobs we done. So this is uncovering it. So we basically, you know, they're introduced into the market and into people's lives. So what is the situation that and what is the product they're trying to make their anxiety? Allegiance. Right. And then this is like people talking about, okay, well people hire this for different reasons, but what causes them to hire it? Right. So we did like 10 interviews and these are some of the objectives that we wanted to find situations that buyers are in that cause them to purchase this. Right. 
 01:09:35 Alex Lumley And so imagine every time we say all cereal, replace it with a mother orchestrator and. Or replace it with a proxy. What is a proxy of mother orchestrator? Pluno. I'd argue Co Unity sometimes is co Unity and. Or a competitor to co unity might be an existing solution. It's like, and I don't quite know, but there's a bunch of these different solutions, existing solutions. And then we ask these questions and that's the objective of who we're trying to hire. So I can do this. I will write something out like this. But a lot of this will come from my first couple of calls with you and Xavier. And I'll. The worst case scenario, I'll write this out and basically, hey, here's who I want to talk to and we'll do five. And then we'll make it a little bit longer with our findings. 
 01:10:22 Alex Lumley But basically I'll kind of come out of it with like, here is the output of who we actually want to talk to because here's where the market generally is. 
 01:10:31 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. 
 01:10:32 Alex Lumley If that makes sense. Probably doesn't make sense because it was really fast. 
 01:10:38 Natascha Tiotuico I'll. Yeah, let's go through that and just make sure we asked the right people the right questions for sure. 
 01:11:01 Alex Lumley And the way we'll figure it out is we'll basically have a theory of coming out of it. We're going to say we want to talk to 12 people. It might not be 12. We'll start with five. Right. We want to talk to 12 people. They are going to be a mix of community managers, CEOs and something else. They will be a mix of. They'll all be within discord. There'll be a mix of DeFi, etc. Etc. Right. And early on we just kind of talk to general anybody because we're just kind of uncovering. And all I want to do but what I'm trying to get to, it's not usability type interview questions. How did this go? How did that go? The. It's more about. I want to understand the story of what led them to purchase X. 
 01:11:51 Alex Lumley Because if I understand the descriptive part of it, oh, this is what led you to purchase that Then I can go prescriptive. This is what worked. It's really weird. I'm sorry, I don't know how. 
 01:12:09 Natascha Tiotuico No, I, I'm just taking time to take this serious and think this. And as a German, if I take something serious, I have to find smart feedback or smart questions. So just bear with me. 
 01:12:26 James Young No, no, worse. 
 01:12:30 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. Because these questions, when we assume they bought an existing tool, we'd probably want to look at tools that bring a hundred or more. Like let's say not 30 Euro, but more. Right? 
 01:12:59 Alex Lumley Probably. What's map? That's part of what's mapping the design space. Yeah, because, yeah, that's part of what's map in design space. And this is where it's like it also, at the end of the day, the goal is to understand why someone purchased this tool and what is a tool that could be a proxy for that. And if someone's buying, if a community manager's buying a 30 year old thing, of course mother can replace that. But like, is that enough? Like, do we just want that one or do we want other ones? Like, we can understand that story and maybe that's our way in. But what we'll likely find is, oh, the community manager bought the 30 year old thing. 
 01:13:36 Alex Lumley When it got up to €100, it had to go to the head of growth, and when it got up to 1,000, whatever, it had to go to the CEO. So we need to figure out which one of these are we replacing? 
 01:13:47 Natascha Tiotuico Because I don't know if we're, I know at the beginning we're replacing SaaS products, as we say. Right. But in the long term, I think we're abstracting it much more in a way that I say, hey, I want to do an ama. Please plan out my campaign for sure. 
 01:14:14 Alex Lumley And at those sorts of things, that's like a different, that's like further down the road, if we have an idea that we want to say, hey, we have this theory that there's a bunch of repetitive things that people do, that we can actually replace those repetitive things, then the way I would quickly validate that, I find five people now in our co manager, in our community manager community say, hey, can I talk to you about the last time you did this? What was the process like? How did it take? How long it take? Right, okay, what else did you do? This? And then we would unpack it that way. But that is a different question because what I care first about is what caused them to buy Something like, I want. I want one N, not like N plus one. Like, right. 
 01:14:58 Alex Lumley Like, I want the first purchased, not the iterations of the purchase. 
 01:15:03 Natascha Tiotuico And yeah, let's. Let's just scope out who we're going to ask and see where we go. Because maybe I'm too prejudice of what I'm awaiting as answer because I'm in the community space, deal a lot with communities. Of course, I'm kind of biased. So let's do this experiment out of your fresher eyes because I think as we go into this conversation, I think I'm maybe just too biased of what interviews and talks we have with communities and the way we approach it. Like, also, of course, the people we approach, they have bigger problems than their community. Like, so they say, oh, I just want to give this problem to you and solve it. Right. They don't say, oh, let me check that security bot, let me check this bot, let me do analytics bot. 
 01:16:26 Natascha Tiotuico So that's why I think I'm just biased and trying to understand more how we can go about this or which people you want to ask where we might not already have the answers. 
 01:16:45 Alex Lumley And that's totally fair. And like, and that's why we'll start with the mapping and we might do a couple of calls where it's like, I'll ask a bunch of questions to you and Xavier as experts. 
 01:16:55 Matt Wright Yeah. 
 01:16:55 Alex Lumley And also to map it out. And also we might be like, oh, shit, we already have. Like, we know where to go. But I have a hypothesis, like, I have a theory that when we start talking to Xavier, you're gonna realize the way that Xavier uses shit is very different than like a buddy of mine, he was a community manager at like a L1. Right. Like, they're very different because simply because Xavier sits across all these different discords, he is an expert in discord and he's thinking about it in that lens as opposed to other people. Think about it like, oh, it's my socials. 
 01:17:23 Natascha Tiotuico But he is a community. Like, he used before he was at community. He was six or seven years a community manager. 
 01:17:32 Alex Lumley So then Xavier, like, second Xavier at CO Unity acts differently than Xavier did as a community manager, is my point. Even though he understands that world, he still acts differently than he did back then. 
 01:17:51 Natascha Tiotuico I would challenge that. I think he doesn't too much different. Like, he's getting more specialized, but he still buys the same products. 
 01:18:03 Alex Lumley And, and that's why I want to unpack, like, what caused people to buy these products. And then through that we'll be able to do. We'll have a much deeper and richer sense of like how much can we actually get on this thing to grow it. But overall, yeah, happy to like, I think next steps are we can get a lot, get alignment on like what we can share and not share. I'm happy to, I'm happy to talk to you some more about jobs. We've done stuff and I got some stuff going on this week, but I'll have some more time kind of over the next few weeks to iterate on this. 
 01:18:34 Alex Lumley And I think, and the cool thing is my belief is that we have positioned this in a way where James can go do his petri dish stuff and we can still iterate and test it and do all that stuff. We can still go try out lit, we can still go try it. All that stuff. This is separate. So if anything happens, we can pause it, we can take it out, but we can also start to fill in the team. And typically what happens is through this voice of consumer lens we're giving the team, they're like, oh, I already knew that. But all of a sudden they start using different language and framing it in different ways and they have a more clear and crisp perspective and they realize, oh, it's not just about tge, it's actually about communication community. 
 01:19:13 Alex Lumley Like it's about growing the token and there's multiple whatever it is, right? 
 01:19:17 Natascha Tiotuico Like, yeah. For me, like the TGE is just one event that happens in the community. Why mother orchestrator becomes more important? Because as soon as you like after tge, community becomes more important because we want to keep that attention towards your community. So it's actually like kind of an event that happens that puts the community on like a load test and it has to stay stable after the load test. So that's why like from my perspective as community, the tools are the same. It's just like how you strategize with the tools to keep your community engaged. Do you get what I mean? 
 01:20:12 Alex Lumley I get what you mean. But honestly, having done a community with a token, it's so different because like you go from. You go from just everyone talk about different things to it. All of a sudden you become like an investor relations person and that makes everything different. Like yes, in general the tools can be very similar. But the question now is more often when token go well, it depends on the product, right? It's like when token go up or if it's a game, then you become more use case like customer support type Things on whatever. But yeah, I think at the end of the day you're probably spot on that TGE is probably more similar to the large. To a large release. 
 01:20:54 Natascha Tiotuico Yes. 
 01:20:55 Alex Lumley But. And different things act differently and. But what I don't know is, are those tools the same like are or do they change in terms of context? I don't know. 
 01:21:05 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 01:21:07 Alex Lumley So. 
 01:21:08 Natascha Tiotuico Okay. Yeah, but I don't want to take more of your time. But I, I really appreciate these discussions and thank you for like me asking so much questions means I'm more interested into the topic instead of just saying, yeah, let's do that. 
 01:21:25 Alex Lumley No, no worries. I. I get it. And, and I, yeah, I, I get it. I, I appreciate you asking the questions and I know that you tend to ask more questions up front and it makes it more likely that things will be successful later on. I'm also like that too. People in crypto call me a pain in the ass for that. 
 01:21:43 Natascha Tiotuico But like we do it for the benefit because everything you can clarify before the project cuts your budget at the end of the project, like ironing out mistakes during the implementation is a pain. I've done it so many times and that's why I'm appreciative to have somebody like you that's pushing for these interviews. 
 01:22:08 Alex Lumley I get it. I get it. Hey, last random question. When is. Did Nick say anything else about like your conversation with him? Like I know Nick. You and Nick were going to talk earlier today. Did you say anything else about other and where everything fits? 
 01:22:26 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, just like to get that. So I brought the homeworks to. To talk to Matt. Luckily he was here today. Also creating like that frame of how do we create the like contribution measurement or something. I would call it like how do we do the rev share and. Or referral or like how. How do we talk around like the efforts we're putting in? Because like on the one hand as. As long as something thing stays at a topper level of information, it's building relationships. I mean I love working with you guys. 
 01:23:17 Alex Lumley Right? 
 01:23:18 Natascha Tiotuico I. It. It's like even if this project would fail, at least we know we're a team that could work together and do anything else. Right? So, so we have a lot of emphasis on that. But when we go into the details, deeper weeds. We need to just see how we can discuss as we go forward. And like I have no doubt that we could sell this mother to the 10 communities that I just named. Like, even if they like where we're hiring the agents through the mother Orchestra So we also have to pay those agents. But if you would say, okay, mother Orchestrator does like how many percentage of whatever the agents get. I already see a good amount of revenue we could bring and I think we could onboard the mother Orchestrator to others because it's like pay as you go. 
 01:24:27 Natascha Tiotuico It's not like you commit to thousands of dollars at once. You could say, no, I actually just want to try this agent and that agent and give me like a taste of what the other agents are and then I order more. So personally I don't have a doubt that it will become something that communities install, try out. And it's more about how do we create that menu that people enjoy and know how to use it. 
 01:25:02 Alex Lumley Yep, I think it makes sense. And I think one kind of miscellaneous goal that I have is, I don't know, you. You said that, you said that Dan was going to start speaking more at more events, right? 
 01:25:17 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, he spoke at, in Dubai quite a lot and he's going to more events this year. 
 01:25:25 Alex Lumley One of the goals that I have is that as dancers going in there, the dancer's talking about mother. 
 01:25:31 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. 
 01:25:32 Alex Lumley To me that's like typical, like sales funnel for both. And for him to be able to say, hey, we helped actually develop and design this thing. And that just feels like a very much in alignment because when you're consulting, you always want to be able to sell new stuff and this is a way to sell something new. Right, Cool. Yep. That's. 
 01:25:54 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah. And so Nick is very on board. He says like he's enjoying that. I'm enjoying it so much. 
 01:26:02 Alex Lumley The last thing I'll say is that I think that the conversation or James's reference implementation will help Nick and Dan start to see more of it. 
 01:26:14 Natascha Tiotuico Yeah, I don't think they have any doubts about it. It's more like because this whole AI thing is new and everybody, like everybody doesn't. I believe 95% of humans don't know how to use these AI agents. And that's why I'm, I see it very clearly how they will be used. James sees it very clear. Like our core team sees it very clearly. But we still have to close that gap, which I think will be a lot of consulting in the first go, replacing tools that already exist because people can relate to the result better. But in the long term goal, you're just going to ask, hey, mother, do you have somebody who could do this for me? Or mother, I have this problem, please give me a result. They don't care if there's a SEAL agent in the background. 
 01:27:24 Natascha Tiotuico If there's, like, three different agents serving that purpose, they won't even look at the registry. They will just look at the orchestrator. Like, of course, now we have Mother Orchestrator. We have the Gaia Orchestrator. We will have different types of platform orchestrators. This is just like one fine line that we're drawing to even get it onboarded. So the bigger challenge is just to get people to get used to how. How do I get AI to work for me effectively? 
 01:28:05 Alex Lumley Who knows? All right, well, I gotta. I gotta run. We'll talk more of this. We'll talk more throughout the next days, and then let's start to plan out what next week can look like. And I'll be able to devote a little bit more time. 
 01:28:16 Natascha Tiotuico Yes, I'll. In the next week or. Yeah, probably next week. We're going to be moving, so I might have one or two days that I'm not available. 
 01:28:26 Alex Lumley No worries. That'll be fine. Cheers. I'll talk to you soon. 
 01:28:29 Natascha Tiotuico Bye. Bye. 
