Mother WWWS - June 06
VIEW RECORDING - 28 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/3cxRjAgjnsRUC2wVxyuS-1s49WoyYMAL

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Right? Like, if you have the same name, the first person always gets their first name. Awesome. Okay. Well, welcome, everyone.  It's Fri-yay, June 6th. And hey, Coach J, how are you, my friend? Good. I think there's three humans in the chat right now.  Totally. Welcome to the future. Yeah. Awesome. We'll give it a minute for everyone else to join in. I joined first and I was like, oh my gosh, all these people are waiting for me.  And there are like eight bots. The thing about bots is they are very patient. I have a couple things to show today.  I've been actually refactoring and revamping and getting some user feedback when it comes to the quizzes and polls. So I will show an updated version.  It's much more simplified. And I think I'll And we should be ready to launch it early next week. And I don't know if there's anything else on the agenda item or the list here that Cochet or Alex, if you want to or have any questions.  Oh, Alex, go ahead.

1:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  You first, please.

1:20 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  I was just going to say, I don't when the right time to do a serious scam on schema related stuff might be maybe after this call or something like that.  But happy to dig through that with me.

1:31 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, let's do that after this call. I think that'd be great. I think we can literally like either hop on a different channel or continue.  And we wanted to talk about a couple of things with you, Alex, anyway. So I think it would be really helpful if you were willing to give us your whole hour.  Yeah, I'm free. And then in terms of other things, in terms of what we should, James, I think that let's focus mostly on the quiz bot for now.  We have this GTM launch plan, but I mean, for the three. And here, you and I are in the know about it, because there's lots of recorders, I don't want to share too much about it, because there is some sensitive information in there, so we won't share a ton, we're just, other than we're really excited about it, that's all.

2:14 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, super stoked, and I don't know if you saw the previous quiz, user interface or interaction, it was a little bit janky, so I've really worked, I couldn't help myself, but also work kind of like on the UX, on the product side a little bit more.  I see ZeroEight's just joined, let's jump into it. ZeroEight, do you have any questions or anything that you want to, before we jump into it?  No, not at all, hey everyone. Okay, okay, hey, okay, so this is my first time demoing the refactor quiz, let me share my screen, first let me get Discord up.  All right, so I don't know if you can see my Discord, or it might take a second for it to pop up on the screen.  All right, so here, can everyone see my screen okay? Just want to confirm. Yep. Yep. Okay, so now it's called, it's a mother command, and there's polls, quizzes, and text.  The polls are just a riff on the quizzes, so I'll just focus on the quiz, as Coach Jay was talking about.  So all I do now is I just say, okay, I just want to, my action is a quiz. And what will happen is a dialogue box now shows up.  Let me grab a URL from somewhere. Oh, mother blog post, let's do that, please.

3:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Let me get that for you here. The birth of mother. Here we go. I'm just going to put it in the chat.  All right. Let's do it. Let's see what happens. Copy.

4:11 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Let's see if this works. I've never used this post directly, so let's see what happens. And so then it will post something into a public channel and people can take quizzes.  You can run multiple quizzes at the same time, but a user can only take a quiz once. And there's all this like agent kind of safeguards and stuff because these are going to be on-chain transactions.  I actually, before I get into this real quick, I learned a lot, you know, from a user flow perspective with the first version of quizzes.  And I'm going to simplify this more and we can talk about the specifics in the next call. you a Bye Yeah.  That's all. About this quiz GTM, like all of that stuff. So I take the quiz, and instead of having one quiz that everyone takes, every time someone takes a quiz, the quiz agent creates a custom quiz for that user.  So we can do payouts immediately. So you take question one. I didn't even. I'm just matching buttons. So I'm not sure if these are right or wrong.  I'm going to judge you for it as well, James.

5:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I mean, if someone worked on the project, you should at least score, you know, two to three here. I got a 33 percent total.  I got one right.

5:46 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I just matched buttons. got one right. So this is a quiz agent. I try to make it like super simple and super clean.  And when you take a quiz, it's just an ephemeral message. I don't That you get so no one else sees it, so they don't know how well or poorly you've done on a quiz.  But that's it. And now with the refactor of the quiz agent, you can do payouts immediately. So the previous version, there was all this kind of, because it was just one quiz and we wanted people to, we wanted to prevent people from sharing answers and things like that.  We had to have an expiry, but then that caused all this extra UI UX flow. And we couldn't pay out immediately because we had to make sure that the quiz closed.  So now this refactor, not only is the UI UX a lot more clean, because before the previous quiz had multiple messages and there was just UI funkiness there.  I cleaned that up. And also each quiz. It's that a user takes, it's just a new quiz, so we don't have to worry about people sharing answers, because every single time someone pushes the take quiz button, they get a customized quiz from the quiz agent, and this means that payout can happen immediately.  This is all happening on base Sepolia right now, and there's some minor refactoring that I want to do. I was hoping to finish it before this call, but I had other things I needed to get done, so it's not a lot, it's pretty trivial, but I'm hoping to launch this.  I know initially the ETA was this week, but early next week, we'll launch this. And after this meeting, what we can do is, as Coach Jay had mentioned or alluded to at the top of the call, is we'll have a specific GTM.  Review with the quiz agent, and I'm happy to take in any feedback from this as well and work over the weekend to get this all done.  I also have the poll agent done, but I won't showcase that quite yet. And what I really want to work on over the weekend is the quest agent because the quest agent is different than the quiz and the poll.  Because the quest agent is multi-platform aware. And so you can go to X, you can go to GitHub, you can go to Telegram and fulfill different things based off of that platform.  And you'll also be able to acquire, in this case, seeds here for GTF. Yes, Coach J.

8:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Maybe this was already answered when this was initially being said. In terms of a quiz agent, because I remember I was gone for a week, it was maybe during that time, I guess, what is the difference between this quiz agent, other than it's Discoordinative, and like Galaxy, or Dominant, like any of these other questing platforms that are pretty well established?  Yeah, so we can hook into them.

9:21 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So I think it was, I forget the name of the XP provider, maybe it's together, I forget the name, but we can hook into their system.  So with Galaxy, with Quest 3, these are all centralized. These quests here, when you finish them, you get, you can get XP points, if the quest provider has an API, or they have an agent via MCP.  But what I think would really, and what What differentiates this is that these are all on-chain, so they're all verifiable, so let's say, for example, you have a quiz or a quest, and you say, okay, start this repo, or fork this repo in GitHub, we can track that, and that will all be on-chain, and it's verified, and so as soon as you fork or you start star the repo, you'll get these seeds for this example.

10:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And a platform like Galaxy isn't tracking this stuff on-chain, I suppose, it's kind of like a guild, they're tracking it on their own platform, and then some of the gymnastics that we would do, like we had a guild thing set up, and then ultimately what we would try to do is try to translate what you get on guilds with what we're getting in Discord, and then there's a bunch of, like,  And instead, you're just keeping it all in one place, if we're giving out seeds in the mother discord, getting it through the questing bot as well.  Yeah, this all ties into kind of one smart account across the multiple platforms.

11:18 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  What we will need to do is scope out, let's say, when you get these like X test tokens, essentially, because these are all on chain, but they're on a test net.  How do we want to create an interface later on to kind of like, do that kind of pro rata ratio when, you know, a project has a real tokens, how much they airdrop and all of that, and all the claiming of the airdrops and all of that happens within platform, you don't have to go to a separate website.  So you keep it all like community focused. We kind of already have this kind of airdrop claiming. In the mother discord, it's called raindrops right now, where you just collect tokens, if you just click a button to claim, with the raindrops and integrating that into like the quest system, instead of like you saying, when you define your raindrop, everyone that clicks the claim button to get like a thousand seeds, it would be dynamic based off of your quest and what you've done.  And what that math ratio is between the test tokens and the real tokens. So the main difference is it all stays on platform and we can focus on the community engagement.  That's the idea. It's really like building up the community and keeping the community interaction within the platform, as you were saying, Coach J.  am, was ask this Alex, Alessandro, you had Alex2.

13:05 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  Is there time for a quick technical question on this? Mm-hmm. I remember I asked you a line of questions on this two weeks ago or something like that maybe, or a week ago, but I'm like forgetting.  So is the form that you're putting in to define all those parameters for the quiz, like the URL, et cetera, is that baked into the Discord bot code?  Or is that a form that's being sent by an agent that's equipped to solve that thing after you've requested it?  Like, is that like an agent-to-agent thing where you're like, hey, I want to do a poll. And then you find an agent that's capable of doing polls in general, like has a use case.  And then that agent goes, whoa, in order to help you, I need to send you this form to gather.  There's some requisite info. You put that in and then it does its job. Is that how that works now or is that how it intends to work or like what's the status of that kind of like thing?  Yeah, that's a great question.

14:15 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  As I'm building out the creator, I'm also building out this quiz agent. And right now, it's very much there's a very strict schema.  That, you know, I use as I bootstrap the orchestrator. And so the orchestrator asks the quiz agent and then the quiz agent says, OK, this is how I want it to be presented.  There is this discord translator to either create a dialog box like the model that you see and all this other stuff to make it presentable in discord.  But that's a separate agent. Like a Discord formatter agent, so, yeah, so, and then, so, but underneath the scenes, there's also a Solidity agent.  There's, like, these other agents that make sure that, like, the on-chain interactions all work as well, and so the idea is that orchestrator is just the manager of this multi-agent system, and once, I'm sorry, I was just going to say, you type in the whole thing, is it hard-coded to have that form, or is that something, like, is that, is that part of the Discord, like, integration that's, that's already defined, like, that job is, like, fully defined, and that all happens before it even hits the orchestrator?

15:52 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  What, what do you mean? Can you, like, like, find a question? Yeah, the, the form that you fill out in Discord, with the URL and stuff, is that, yeah.  Is-coded in Discord or with the command, with the bot, and then that's sent to the orchestrator, or is that, like, form being asked by the agents down the stream, like, from the orchestrator or from the, like, agent that actually, the polling agent?  Well, okay, so let me tell you how it works.

16:23 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So the orchestrator agent says, okay, I want to create a poll. The poll agent says, hey, I got you.  Here are the things that I need to start the poll or the quiz. And then the Discord formatter agent, because there's so many limitations in terms of what you can and cannot do, in terms of character length, and things like that, and what you can do in a modal, and what you can do in an ephemeral message, and buttons, and the Discord UI is very restrictive.  So the Discord agent goes, okay, this is how you should present it, orchestrator agent. And then it creates the dialogue or the modals, and it creates the ephemeral messages and the interactions.

17:06 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  That's awesome, because that makes me realize that you're further along on that path than I thought, which is awesome, which is like, you could define a task that's, like, if there were a bot that did something completely different, and it managed the Discord input and all the stuff necessary, orchestrator could just flip to using that thing.  So it's less hard-coded than I thought, which is really good, I think, and awesome to see.

17:39 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, the orchestrator will also be in GitHub, Telegram, and on X, and each platform has their own UI constraints and restrictions, and there'll be another agent that knows the platform restrictions.  And so the, like, the quiz poll agent doesn't need to know the context. group project. But Let's of the platform, if that's what you're getting at.  Yeah, that's totally, yeah, this is incredible, then, like, yeah, that's awesome. Yeah, and also, I'm talking with Billy about this, and what we would like to do is have the communities, and this is, I'm kind of getting a little bit ahead of myself, because we're also wanting to talk about how to get the Gaia agents onto Intuition.  So we'll have the Discord communities on Intuition, and we'll have the Gaia agents on Intuition, and let's say that this quiz agent is a Gaia agent that's on the Intuition registry, which is basically the mother open registry, or the intuition graph, which is the open mother registry.  What we also want to do is all the results of, like, the quizzes, the polls, and the quests. have in the description.  see. Will also be a tuple, so then what you can do is if someone else wanted to go, okay, well, is this community legit?  Like, or is there a lot of interaction? The aggregate information from the quiz, the polls, and the quests, and other things that are happening in Discord will also be populated in Intuition as well, and that, I think, goes back to what Coach J was asking about, what's the difference between kind of Galaxy and S3 and these other, like, XP platforms, is that these will be on chain.  Like, you'll be able to, it's all permissionless. And so people can then start building these agents through Gaia, knowing that the orchestrator can then log the aggregate information on chain.  And so, We were talking, I was talking with Billy about how this would be great for a future Intuition hackathon, and so people can build on top of it, and, you know, these communities can request, hey, you know, I want X, Y, and Z agent, and then you can mix and match.  And so now you have these agents, the communities, and kind of their aggregate interactions logged, and then someone else can come in and query all of that, and it's much more composable.  So instead of being siloed, now you can, like, query, and so you're like, hey, there's this TGE happening, and they're using, the community's using these different agents, and so I, as a quote-unquote, like, potential investor, I can say, okay, look.  Let me do my queries, and let me see kind of which users from different communities are interacting, how engaged is this community, other communities can see what other communities are doing and leverage, and it just allows for more, I guess, composability and permissionless innovation to happen.  This is the foundation that we're trying to build. So this is where we're really hoping to highlight intuition here.  And I think that's kind of the point of intuition, being able for people to query these interactions. Thanks for explaining that James.  Yeah. Okay, so I'll stop sharing. And I guess now I'll pause for a second if there are any other questions.  Okay. Cool. So, moving on, I know that one of the things that we wanted to do, and we'll have a meeting right after this, is organize.  First order of business is to get these agents, these Gaia nodes, onto Intuition, and I know, Alex, too, you are invited into the Slack, and we wanted to kind of get that going.  Well, because that is kind of the first order of business, so that next week, when we launch this orchestrator agent, we can begin to understand how can the orchestrator reach out, and we're calling this the mother open registry right now, and kickstart this, and then the demand for these agents will come through the orchestrator agent in terms of this community engagement.  starts involved How And we're focusing on these projects that are, like, going to TGE to help kind of create that incentive alignment and that shelling point for this launch here.  I don't know how much we want to discuss about that. I don't know if that was part of what you wanted to discuss, Coach J, now or later?  Okay. I think maybe once things are much more confirmed and closer to, and public, and all this kind of stuff, we can talk a lot more about the GTM, but I think you gave a great high level of it.

23:40 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, great. Okay.

23:49 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  The other things that come to mind are just getting this released into the Mother Discord first. So that we can...  can... can... You know, it's taken a little bit longer than I expected, because this is the first time getting the orchestra into public use, and there was just a lot of, it was more like UI, UX refinement, because I've never created a, you know, a quiz poll agent, you know, I had to create all these other agents, kind of as scaffolding, but now that that's done, I can imagine the acceleration of this, because I wanted to make sure, you know, with this first iteration, there was a decent foundation for all of this.  But that's all I have. I don't know if there's other things on the agenda or to discuss. that, can will do

25:04 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I have very light things to discuss. think, you know, we're just moving into a place where we want to move.  So in this next phase of mother, you know, basically go to market here. We have what we're going to establish as the core team is myself and James.  And then, you know, with Alex and like the intuition folks that we're going to have, you know, our partners who are, you know, building out core in front.  But right now we're going to be moving quick. And so we'll have some communications go out on, you know, what are our priorities.  But we need a bit of room to just, you know, get a finish line. But Coach Jay and I are working on a solid 90 day plan to get us to a place where, you know, we have clear KPIs that would be.  It's yeah. it's 10 It's Interesting for, I'll say capital allocators, whether it's investors or we go straight to token or we're raising grants, I'm figuring this out internally and still have some communication on what that's looking like in the next few weeks.  But yeah, we're kind of cleaning up about a bunch of stuff on back office and we'll inform folks if people have been contributing and they're looking for some answers.  I'll be sending that around shortly as well from the foundation side of things. So there's some clarity, but yeah, I don't know if I'm missing anything there, Coach James from our combos yesterday.  We'll probably give back time if anyone else has anything else to share. Yeah, I think it's a little bit on the lighter side.

27:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And we're just focused on execution now. We have a clear path of what we're doing. So yeah, maybe we can wrap up at the half hour.  And I know that there's another meeting here, but maybe we can jump straight into that if people have time.  Yeah. Cool. I don't know if there's anything else.

27:26 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  everyone. Sounds good. Awesome. Alessandro, I'll stay on. Yep. you. Cool. All right.

27:33 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  Bye. See you guys.

27:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Did we want to keep using this link? I think that there's another link that I can pass through in the chat that we're going to hop on.  Matt, do you have that? I think Alessandro, you don't have that, right?

27:53 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  I just send it over to Slack or Telegram, whichever.

27:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm just going to put it into the chat right now.

27:59 - Alessandro Voto (Intuition)
  Put it in the chat.

27:59 - Matt Wright (GaiaNet)
  that. Yeah, it's that one right there. Got it?

28:03 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  All right, see you over Okay, I'll see you. All
