Mother Status - October 01
VIEW RECORDING - 15 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/wnyFGysrr6FhrsctsNVjssRH_EzhQYSi

---

0:00 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  The getting back? Yeah, oh no, it was just a flight delay.

0:06 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's been so wild. I've just been noticing lots of flights delayed these days. Absolutely. prominent, more than ever. No, it's the norm.

0:15 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, yeah. So how was your trip? It was good. It was nice. How did you do? Yeah, how was it?  Yeah, was good. It was just workshops.

0:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I didn't perform.

0:27 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I you went on to that kind of like, you know, ad hoc, impromptu stage thing before. I forgot what you called it.  I went to an improv festival.

0:37 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, you went to improv festival.

0:39 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  There was a lineup. But then there was moments in the venue where anyone can go up, open mic.

0:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Oh yeah, there was only one, like you get to join like a mixer is what it's called. Mixer, that's right.  And mine was on Thursday, and I was exhausted because we had gotten up at like five in the morning that day and I didn't really  We at sleep very well, just drank coffee all day. So by the time the evening came around, I'm like, I don't want to go on stage.  So I forwent my only opportunity to go on stage, I don't care. It was fun, lots of workshops. There was 11 of us from Valencia.  So yeah, we just happened to do festivals like this, and it's just so fun. I don't meet anyone at these festivals.  I just hang out with my crew, and it's like tons of fun.

1:24 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  It's like an offsite.

1:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  It's like an offsite, yeah, except we're not talking about work. We're talking about like improv, but being silly. So it's great.

1:32 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Improv is the work, and that's the best kind of work, is just being silly. Yeah.

1:36 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So yeah, so it was good. It was good.

1:39 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Well, I'm glad you had a good time. It was Bulgaria, right? Bulgaria, yeah.

1:44 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I don't recommend Sofia, where we went to. It's like the administrative capital. I hear the coasts, like the Black Sea coast is really where it's at, but we didn't get to go there.  We just stayed in the capital.

1:53 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And it's like... Now you're back.

1:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm back in Valencia. Yeah. Back in Valencia.

1:59 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Awesome. Awesome. All right. Well, I don't know if you saw the recording on Monday, or if— No, I didn't, actually.

2:08 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Do I have the recording? No.

2:11 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Oh, we just let all the recorders in, so I don't know if your recorder— I have the recording.

2:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I can also rewatch it. Okay. It's very light.

2:22 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I don't think you really miss much. I think, really, the big impact meeting of this week was with Billions, and Alex turned that one-pager around pretty quickly.  reviewed it with him, and I think it was, you know, straight to the point, high level enough. I think it was great, so I just want to see if we can just stay on top of Billions, and specifically Ravi, for this.  Yeah.

2:52 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Sounds good. Yeah, I'll continue liking and retweeting his Twitter posts so that he remembers his mother. Nice.

2:59 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  And, uh—

3:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, we can just keep following up with him. I would say that was the big one. And Lit, I want to talk about Lit, because it's very obvious.  But today was like the nail in the coffin for me. Like, oh, got it. We are an inconvenience to the Lit team.  That's the what's out. He canceled the call, and he was just like, can we just do this async? And he's not keen on another call.  So let's not, let's not bother him.

3:31 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay. Yeah. I mean, I wish people were direct. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe things snowballed, and they're under a lot.  Who knows what's going on? they are. I mean, they're a super small team, right? You know, we do what we can do.  And I don't want to, you know, unnaturally force something, especially if they're supposed to be a second party partner with us.  It doesn't help build trust. I agree. And yeah, David, I don't.

4:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, David, I've literally been on one call with him. He seems like he's just doing his own thing. He's just like a developer who's really into his products, you know?

4:09 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay. Moving on.

4:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. Okay, cool. That's easy. Otherwise, I just, the reason I was late is because I was on the call previously with one of the designers at Gaia.  I just handed over a brief with all of our design brief to him. So we're going get all the designs created for us.  So a bunch of templates that I can reuse, live streams. I'm trying to get, I don't know where Marcos is.  I imagine he's in Singapore right now. So it will be really hard to get you on the podcast, the live stream as well.  But I'm hoping you have Francesco.

4:40 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I'm an early morning person. Okay. So I'll see.

4:43 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm just going to invite you to all of them. It's just because Francesco is great. He's really, he's actually like spectacular at driving certain narratives, but I know he has a lot of fun with these calls.  And I think he has a lot of fun talking to you. And one thing that you're going to be really good at.  Driving is talking about 8004, is talking about how we've been doing this since January, like really tying us to 8004, and how we've already thought about all this, and you know what I mean, like that's kind of what I want to embed within all the minds of everyone working on 8004.

5:19 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Totally get it.

5:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, that's, I'm assuming, I think that that's the win for us in this case. I think so. Yeah, so that's what I'm going to focus on.  need to actually message the group, which I'll do tomorrow. I'll get into the telegram chat, I'll see who's in there.  Sumitza, yes, Marcos, I mean Marcos is the author of the 804, that's a huge thing. I'm going to see, there's three authors, so we'll see who else wants to come on.  Yeah. And yeah, the key dates are this Friday, and then again on the 13th, so we'll see if we can get a few more people on that chat.  if can to talk to us. Okay. And that's it. I have I don't know what the update is on Legion.  I'm just very mindful that we're not going to TGE unless we have Legion support, so I just want to make sure that doesn't fall by the wayside.

6:12 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, we should... How do we prioritize that? What can we do there?

6:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I don't even know what the order of things are, right? Is it like... Because a pitch deck... The problem is Matt is the approver of the pitch deck.  He's our source of knowledge around the pitch deck, and so we really want him. And he's just been in token.  He's finishing up the end of the week, and then he'll take a few days because he's be super  jet lagged, but I can try to book some time with him and Alex and just get that new calendar.  Can we just do this async?

6:46 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Sorry?

6:46 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Can we just do this async?

6:48 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, for sure.

6:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I would love for maybe Alex to just kind of lead on an async thing.

6:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, we've got to get this over the line. Yeah. much. Thank you. Thank you You Okay. Let's do this async.  I don't think Alex is on this invite. No, not him right now.

7:11 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I thought we invited him already.

7:13 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  We did to the Monday, but not the, we did to the all hands weekly, but not to this mother staff on Wednesday.  But I have a call with Alex that he booked with me at the top of this hour. So I'll let him know.  Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah.

7:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I really want him to push. And if he ever needs, like, I just don't know when to meet Matt.  I'm his unblocker there. I see Matt's schedule, so I can get in time whenever I want with Matt. Okay.  So that's not a problem. And there's even like a time difference thing, like if Matt's in Singapore, like I'm in Spain.  So send me the deck and let me present it to Matt. I'll catch Matt like the early afternoon before he has all his nighttime events.
  ACTION ITEM: Talk to Alex re leading Legion pitch deck async, emphasize urgency
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/wnyFGysrr6FhrsctsNVjssRH_EzhQYSi?timestamp=466.9999  Those aren't problems either. So it shouldn't be a blocker. We really want to encourage Alex to be leading on that.  Okay. So let's have him earn his token allocation. Yeah.

7:57 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. Okay. So I'll, I'll talk to Alex about that. And I meet with him. Everything is moving forward with 8004.  I'm just really waiting for Friday at the moment, because that's when they have claimed that the final spec, the two-point left, is coming out.  And I'm going to move quickly through that. But this weekend, I won't be able to do any work, because it's my father-in-law's 80th birthday.  I'm flying to Los Angeles. So yeah, just for the weekend with the kids. I'm flying straight from Singapore to LA.  Oh, my God. You're just all meeting there. Yeah. So I'm going to do what I can with plain reading and things like that in between, because I'll have my phone and that will be what I like.  It's going to be just in the back of my mind the whole time. But in terms of being able to scope something out and really put some meat into a document or a...  Roadmap or something, that is something that we'll need to wait until next Monday. Okay. That could serve up as the topic of conversation, agenda item-wise, for next week's All Hands.  Okay.

9:15 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, sounds good. And Hash and ZeroEight, did they show up? Or? To show up.

9:21 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Oh, yeah. showed up. Yeah. comments about community plan?

9:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Because we're going to be driving to Discord. I want to know. Yeah, they said people are ready.

9:28 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  There is this payment issue with Matt still from Gaia that's holding up the deployment of the quiz agent on the mother Discord.  So I'm still working that out with Matt. So technically Okay. That was the call that you had, the MSA situation.  Exactly right. Exactly. I thought was both.

9:47 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I thought Matt was like, we're just going to pay this and then it's going to be done and blah, blah, blah.

9:52 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah. That's what I was told. So we're, I still need to follow up with Matt. Yeah.

10:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Is Matt that you need confirmation, or is it the finance team, like it's already set in stone and good to go?  Because the finance team I can follow up with.
  ACTION ITEM: Follow up w/ Matt Monday re payment issue for quiz agent deployment on Mother Discord
 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/wnyFGysrr6FhrsctsNVjssRH_EzhQYSi?timestamp=608.9999

10:07 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Matt said it's good to go. So he said that he would take care of it. Yeah, I doubt it.

10:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  So that's just the situation.

10:19 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I'm dealing with Matt, and I'm going to async with him and talk to him about it on Monday. So we're just there, and I feel bad for Tosh and the community team because they're just like, let us do something, let us go.  And I'm just like, this is where I think there's some organization misalignment or miscommunication. And so I don't know how we want to surface this.  It's not that we are from the same organization that has a well-known hierarchy and chain of command and accountability and responsibility.  And... This is where things get a little bit interesting in terms of communication and relationships, I don't know how best to say it, you know, there are just different problems and different issues that in a kind of collaborative, decentralized manner, things fall through the cracks.  And, you know, the thing that I really don't want to happen is for co-unity to start like disengaging. Yeah.  I don't know how to do that as well and balance this, and so there are different pressures here, and I don't think Matt kind of understands the domino effect that this potentially could have.

11:41 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah. So I need to talk to Matt about that.

11:46 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Okay. But once that's going, we'll be ripping. So co-unity is waiting. I've moved forward with intuition. Uh, put the Gaia node sample ones on, um, intuition, uh, cause Toby was having some issues.  And I think we're in a good place with intuition, we're going to scrap lit and maybe we just focus on intuition.  Yeah, 100%.

12:10 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I mean, don't, if this sounds like this is the GTM anyway, lit we mostly wanted because we thought that they were, it's going to be, you know, pretty lit.  And, you know, we thought we could ride off of their height, but realistically, their tech is just something that we're using.  It sounds like with intuition, there's like a visual interface there. We're one of their only use cases. Let's lean on that.  Intuition's got a following of their own, you know? So they're going places. We should stick closely to them. Yeah.  Yeah.

12:41 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Let's come up with this co-marketing strategy here. Let's get that all going and figuring out that narrative, because there's a lot of work that I've done most recently in the last two to three weeks with intuition.  Okay, great. Yeah. so, um, cool. And we had a, we had the conversation.

13:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  with Alessandro as well, and it was great. I mean, I did my reset thing, and I followed that. He's just like, he had nothing going on about it.  He's just like the same person who showed up every single week to what we should call. So he's still there.  He's still ready to participate. And so, yeah, he's just like, tell us what you need, and let's get it done.  So, yeah.

13:24 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, he's a good partner. He's followed through, and he's been consistent this whole way. And I think we should lean on that.  And that is a signal for us internally, right? Yeah, 100%. Who's engaged and who's not. Yeah. I know we're two minutes over.  I don't know if there's anything else.

13:39 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  No, I think that's it. Yeah. Give me a few days to get some of these 8.04 posts out. Now that I just briefed the designer, all the content is like mostly written and ready to go.  So hopefully, end of the week, and worst case, early next week, we're starting to talk about and share about the fact that, you know, we have.  I've been doing this since January, and 8.04 is coming, and we're excited and all this kind of stuff.

14:05 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Awesome. Yeah. And, you know, I'll have a talk with Alex at the top of the hour. He has some questions for me.  Go through those, but I'll tell him, we got to get the deck moving. Let's do this ASIC. Yeah, none of this matters if we don't get it.

14:18 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think that if we don't get this funding from Legion, like everything that I say will, like, go into the void from a comms perspective, just like it has so far, you know?

14:28 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  No, I totally agree with you. Yeah. I totally agree with you.

14:30 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  A token launch can happen from there. Yeah. Okay.

14:33 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Awesome. Thanks, Coach Jay. Appreciate you. I'm glad that you got back safely. Thank you. And that you had fun in Bulgaria.  Yeah. Enjoy the weekend. Awesome. I will. See ya. Bye.
