Mother Whitepaper Sync - December 09
VIEW RECORDING - 21 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/QvDpPe9WBLrLHojrUshGie7_QyA7yjRv

---

0:00 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  My parents made this distinction because I'm a first-gender American here, and they gave me an American first name, kind of like trying to fit in, and then somehow my brother's name, they gave him a Persian first name, and they switched it to an American middle name instead.

0:19 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. So it was a weird distinction.

0:21 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  So my full name is Michael Aminimad. Okay, got it.

0:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, cool. Now I know your whole name. It's good. Yeah, you got, I'm doxxed.

0:30 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  There you go. I get your doxxed. That's it.

0:32 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  You're done. All right, so thanks for your patience again. Yeah. Let's go in through the white paper. So basically- you for making that And thank you for making that balloon, by the way.

0:45 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Go ahead, please. Yeah, so you can see that it's pretty straightforward.

0:48 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think that I saw mostly in Section 3's and Section 5. I'm trying to find a balance because I think that, and this is like my responsibility, I think that like my initial thing was like, just go and academicify it.  then like now that I'm seeing it, I'm like, Oh, don't know if it was the right choice after all, and I don't know what the best way forward on this thing is.  I think that what I wanted to share with this is like, basically the idea here is that, hold on, I wrote down kind of like what it was that worked for me and what it was that could have been even better for me.  I think what it is, is that basically, citations are super valuable, and I would definitely want to keep them as footnotes supporting claims.  And what I'm seeing though, is that the gist is that the citations feel like some of the citations are content, and some of the citations are support.  And when I read it, I like that second method more, when they're more supporting rather than actual pasted content into the prose.  I find that it breaks the voice a little bit more. I'm thinking about this from an audience perspective. Again, it's now veterans, it is AI researchers and stuff like that, so I think there is some power, like we can go over specific situations, but generally I found that when I was reading them, it felt like we were, the passage that was added to support the footnote was reiterating something that I had already said before, so it didn't add as much as I wanted to, it like diluted in my mind, and I'm open to being wrong about it.  So I was wondering how we could like, if we can go through and see where it's really adding that legitimacy, by adding in the content, or where we should just add the legitimacy with just the footnote, to support claims.

2:45 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Okay, I understand the dynamic, because like, again, we're not trying to make this too, and I remember like not making it too academic.  Because it's a life figure.

2:55 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Correct, yes.

2:57 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  And the only thing the- So a lot of this information was just more, so it's the way, it was a two-step process for me, like first things first, I had to make sure that when I'm like going through the text, that I can surface research articles that back up that footnote, and then I think it was just from my creative standpoint, again, maybe this isn't like, maybe like different cooks in the kitchen analogy, if you will, and I think it was just maybe adding a sentence from the kind of like from the abstract to help like fluff up additional context and then back to back the text that was already added.  So it was more so of not changing anything that has been added on your end, but it was more so like, here is the text that helps supplement to what you already have.  So it was not about overriding what you had, but more so just getting that.

3:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I saw that nothing got removed. I saw that it was all additions to it. And then when I looked at additions and I was doing the audit and I'm like, You  And I use a criteria of like, what's this, what is this paragraph about? Does every sentence support what that paragraph is about?  And does every sentence add on to the previous sentence? And sometimes I found that it was saying the same thing as previously.  And so in my mind, like a writer's mind, it was a less impactful.

4:25 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Um, that was my take on it.

4:26 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And this is like a, it's, it's purely, it's not the right or wrong way. It's a creative choice, right?  There's no right or wrong way to do this. And that's why I was wondering if, you know, I don't know if we have to do this on the call or we want to do it on the call, but like, so for example, you put in this thing here, do these footnotes, either of these footnotes or both of these footnotes actually support some of the content here, or does it need to have this in order to support it?  Because I do want to find also a balance. Although this is a light paper, I do want it. I do want to legitimize it as much as possible.  So So adding this in is like critical for us to be able to do some of these citations, then I'm willing to compromise in certain areas, but if possible, then like for Alawadi here, I would love to just pop this right here, you know, and then we just get it, and then like Alawadi already, if you read the paper, it supports the idea that theoretical models break when humans disagree about priorities.  And when voting, like if this supports this, we've already done our job, we don't need to add the extra content.  Yeah, that's pretty much the angle.

5:37 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  I thought maybe adding that text was going to be at least something that ticks into that, but if that I have already have citations that already backed that, then that's perfectly fine.

5:50 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I think that was just the angle where I was coming in.

5:52 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  But I'm glad we did this exercise. So it's like, again, I'd rather over add than undershoot.

5:59 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I agree. Now you can look, like, I think now it'll be easier if, unless you want to do this together, if you went and go ahead and go, okay, well, I'm seeing this, like, I'll go through and kind of, like, strike out what I, like, from an editing perspective, like, what I would strike out if I could.  If I was just writing and I didn't care about citations, like, here's what I would strike out, and you can decide, and you can comment, like, hey, Jonathan, like, if we remove this, like, we don't really need to use the citation or, like, or what you can do, is, I said in a few comments, but, like, straight up, just do this, be like, okay, yeah, this still works, and I'll just put this here, and I'll just delete this, and it works, and then you can leave it highlighted so that I know that you kind of had a little quote in there, perfect, great, I love that.

6:48 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, I think that's a good compromise, I'm okay, I'm actually perfectly fine with that.

6:54 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, so I think most of them were in section five, three, I also saw one, but I didn't go through it, because I already did one, three,  So I didn't actually go through one, two, and three very much. I saw two didn't have a lot. It's because it's mostly about our architecture.  So there isn't a ton to share there. But section one, I didn't go through yet at all. Section three, didn't really finish going through.  I did some, but like, I don't think I actually, yeah, I don't think I finished it. And then four, I think that it was good.  Like you did, you did the citation thing. There's some instances where I have some instances like this one, check the things.  I totally changed the paragraph. So I don't know if the citation works or not. And I've, I've indicated where I've done that.  I've only, I only think I did that twice, like once here and maybe once later in the section, but like these ones, they work for the most part.  All right. You know, these, these were the proper, like not bringing content in from these things. And these just supported what was already there.  I'll do one more check. Cause I did this, this morning. Yep. And it's five. I found. Found most of these things, and then six, I think you also did the same thing.  was kind of like, you just popped in the citation, no sentence, and it actually worked really well for almost half a week.  Yeah, absolutely.

8:12 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  I think it was pretty late at night, too, and I realized, you know what, I think we already had, I think literally over that time, I like, you know what, I think we already did talk about this.  Okay, I think citation made sense. No, that makes a lot, I'm glad we were going through this exercise together, because I wanted to just ensure that, again, all the information I'm pulling, because I'm like pulling in like 25 to 30 citations.  For sure. All across this, so it's just more going back and forth on the thought process here. Yeah.

8:37 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay. Cool. Well, anything else then? Like I said, I just finished my line-by-line go-through of this. Yeah. It's so good.  I did get some more information from James that might change some direction that we're heading in, because we just got another, we just keep getting these gifts at Mother, these projects that like have this thing.  Well, Nicky, We have all these problems to get to where we are putting out on the white paper, and then James just has these conversations, and this group will be like, oh yeah, no, we've actually already solved that, and we're actually looking for a partner to plug into this.  That could be you guys. So we had another one of those literally 30 minutes ago. That's why I was late.  Yeah, it's so good. It's wildly good. So I'm really excited about that. So it's going to change a little bit.  I do appreciate the urgency with which we're moving on this. This here is my, like my marketing plan is this, right?  I get to cut this up into like, you know, you can imagine six weeks of content each week. I'm talking about the problem.  I'm talking about our solution architecture. I'm talking about like how algorithms get formed. I'm talking about token, you know what I mean?  So this is really helpful for me to like have tight and finalized. So yeah, I appreciate your urgency on this.  And I know that you're also working at Gaia stuff. I don't know how it's going at Gaia. at Gaia.  And the motivation levels there without any pay, but I appreciate you working on this in your spare time, and I see you already as like, I know you just joined, but I see you as part of the team, and I hope that you're separate from Gaia, willing to stick around through this like wild experiment that we're gonna do, and I mean you've read the white paper, this is  like such cool , so yeah.

10:23 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  No, thank you, I appreciate this, the welcoming that's coming in here, and I really want to make the impact wherever I can, in this capacity.  And yeah, want to just take into account exactly the notion of like how fast you guys are trying to move while trying to launch, and also getting to a place where it's safe to be, is tightened to help one balance, balance, what's the word, nuance with credibility, in the regard, especially.  Especially with the technicality of how the stuff will work, and maybe that's a piece that can work later down the line, but more importantly getting the thought process in the hands of people that are already in the space, and just understanding the problem that Mother's solving in this case.  So I appreciate this context right here. And speaking of which, I had an idea around the lore, around adding it.

11:27 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Tell me, yeah, actually, I was going to post, literally I have it like pasted, ready to go into Slack.  Hold on a second here, I have the lore ready to go. It just means like Matt's approval. Yeah, show me, show me what you were thinking.  I'm going to paste it into Slack at the same time.

11:42 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  No, for sure. So the context I had in mind, because I thought, because I think, I think we're, and I was just listening back to our call and just mapping out exactly where we were taking account.  Just know, just remembering about, you know, the debate about including lore in the white paper. And we're ever seeing the industry data for products that I love with LORE, and I know Matt has mentioned it, saying that he has target members that value it, and so we wanted to figure out a way.  And to make it visually conveying with it, I think the positioning strategy here is using LORE as the context, not the core proposition.  What I mean by that specifically is, this would sit before the abstract and what have you. Yes, exactly what I was thinking as well.  And I think part of it also where it can be visually distinct, maybe a different typography that may be styled as a narrative block.

12:39 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, it could be like all in italics or something like that, even something simple like that, a simple treatment.

12:45 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, because I think that visual aspect alone to me, it would signal optional context rather than the core arguments.  So you find there's like this visual balance of letting LORE engage while letting the technical readers. with before might is very

13:00 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Exactly. That's the conclusion I came to as well. People can skim or skip it, it's just thematic framing, and it's just framing for those who are keen.

13:13 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, so I think the other thing is I think it prevents the credibility damage of opening with the narrative over substance, and this still allows creating the hero's journey frame without making the lore the hero.

13:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, perfect.

13:26 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  So I feel like that balance plays out, and I think the way some mitigation rule is that we're not leading with the lore in the abstract.  We're saving that narrative for the context setting, and the lore should be explaining the why, not the what. And part of it is making the lore factually grounded in the sense with the visual separation in mind.  And I feel like, depending on how many papers it is, depending on how many pages... Yeah. That it comes out, like the lore ratio is like under 10%.  So if our light paper ends up coming like 15 or 20 pages, the lore should be not more than one or two.  And I think that research is like our differentiation, not the story itself. So in that regard, I think the test for the light paper lore is that, does this help readers understand the problem?  Could this be replaced with data or citations? Would a technical reader be annoyed by this? And does this claim anything that requires proof?  So that's where I try to balance it. So this is what I mean. I can break it down even more.  If this helps readers understand the problem, then yes, let's keep it. Could part of this lore be replaced with data or citations?  If yes, we'll use the data instead. If a technical reader or a light paper reader shows. If Thank Be annoyed by this, we can either cut or move it, and does this claim, or does this claim of the Lord require any proof, if yes, wrong place for the Lord, so I think bottom line is just more so like opening with a concrete, relatable scenario that transitions to, that ends up transitioning to the whole scope of it, and so I think it ends our positioning with saying like this framework addresses these technical challenges through these sections right over here, and then we can immediately pivot to our our research heavy content, so that balances both Matt's audience with the narrative hook, while protecting our credit, technical credibility, with, with the core, so, to top it all off, the law, I think, so you say, the Lord that substitutes for research will fail, but the Lord that illustrates the research will succeed, and that's, I think that's the balance, I think, I thought deep and heavy about this, so I want to just share my context over here.

15:56 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Perfect, I'm going to paste right now, the Lord. Honestly, man, those are some amazing criteria. You can just copy-paste this lore here and run it by exactly that criteria and see if it works.  Leave your comments. I took Matt's thing and I directly translated it. Every section I took of his lore, I just updated it with the new brand direction.  Because his lore is good. It's written well and stuff like that. It didn't match the brand direction. That's why I was against it and I also didn't like lore.  So what I did is I just did a one-to-one translation and then I ended up just cutting a full section out of it because I didn't think it really added.  So this is my, and I just shared it in Slack right now. You can feed that through and you can leave your comments.  might just space it out a little bit better. No, perfect.

16:52 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  I'm happy to take a hook right here.

16:57 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  But I think we're on the same page. I think I... I your qualifying questions. I think that this will mostly match that criteria and I love the vision that you have for like the treatment of this is before the extract.  It's almost like this like, you know, you go into a book and before the introduction, they have all sorts of stuff.  They have like acknowledgements, they have like some quotes, they have like very distinct pages in a book that like distinguish it from like this is not part of the book.  And if you're into acknowledgements, you'll read the acknowledgement. And if you're into, you know, those quotes at the beginning of book, you'll read the quotes.  And if you're into the praise for the book, you read it. If you're into, I don't know who's giving preludes, but there's the or the four words or whatever it is, you know what mean?  Like, the forward is very clearly not part of the book. And this I see it as if we can come up with a nice visual treatment for it that still is cohesive with the white paper.  That's why I thought italics or whatever it is. I think that will work really well. But I'm going to leave that to you and play around with the form.  And if you're like, oh, I can't decide, feel free to like bounce ideas off me and we can decide together.  No, absolutely.

18:06 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  This actually translates really well. So I actually did post the link on, I was just also posting it exactly like, as I'm trying to format the paper, I've got the link for the templates that could be used to fill the copy.  So I'm using Overleaf as the, as the use, as our use, as our, like our format, like this is like, this is utilized for all like research papers or light papers or anything like that.  So this is essentially like the link of different types of templates are being used by different journals. But what I'd be curious to like, I would just say, like, if there's something that sticks out in mind that you feel that would be visually appealing, I'm more than happy to work with it.  And that's actually an easy switch. It's like, it's like essentially like a, like a library that is already embed, that embeds the formatting already in place.  It's more so like...

18:51 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  want to do, just send you a screenshot or send you the link to the template, the template? I'm just going to like, I'm going to take five minutes, flip through like 10 pages and just be like...  This could work, this could work, that could work.

19:02 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Okay, yeah, let me, yeah, just give me the links, which ones those would be, because I can just look at the, I can click on the library, and then import it and just see who can play around with that.

19:14 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, I'll do this today. Right on.

19:17 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  And then for the pictures, like the TNG files, the conversions.

19:21 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, I'll get that to you today as well. Okay, no worries.

19:24 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  I just want to be mindful on that piece. I just, I'm just hoping that the quality also then translates really well and can upscale.

19:31 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I that's really the real case. I'm going to create those, I'm going to try and just remove the transparent background.  I'll send them back to you. I'm going to like eat in five minutes, and then when I come back, I'll do that.  And I'll send them to you. And if they're not good enough quality, then I will just actually rebuild them, like manually in like a Figma or a PowerPoint, like with a transparent background.  But hopefully, remove the background PNG thing, we'll find one that works well. No, sure.

19:57 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Does Figma have a, does that have a feature? Where you can, like, upscale and sharpen the- I think so, yeah.

20:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I'm still pretty new to Figma, but I've, like, been using it more and more, and I think it has so many plugins that I'm confident I can find what we need there.  Okay. No, fair enough.

20:14 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, because by that time I can, like, play around and format the call-out so that it fits within whatever template that we used to work with.  But let me go and get that dialed in. Yeah, I want to make sure I get this dialed in, because I have, like, two more calls.  I got, like, one with our Gaia staking, we're trying to, like, get that going, alongside with stuff that we're doing for Oasis.  Okay. Amazing.

20:38 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  I appreciate you, sir.

20:40 - Amin Iman (GaiaNet)
  Yeah, absolutely. Likewise. Much appreciated, Coach. All right. See you, man.

20:45 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Talk care. Bye. Ciao. Bye. Bye. Thank
