Mother Status - October 22
VIEW RECORDING - 6 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/yfhrQJk9-H4o-Azgc7mygytRP1peCAFQ

---

0:00 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, thanks.

0:01 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  I appreciate it.

0:04 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, so, I mean, main updates for me kind of shifted priorities a little bit and started working on the strategy document that we can get to like partners as well as for investors.  But now I've moved back over to the presentation. So I'd say like about 80% done with the recommended changes there, and I'm going to have Matt look at it again, and then the goal is really to hand it off to a designer in the next few days, and then in parallel, I could start working on this UI aspect, and I'm going to be meeting James with you tomorrow.

0:54 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Is there a channel in Slack that talks about this so that we can just start getting more? Well, thank you much.  Visibility into it that we can start chatting kind of like semi-public private with, because I have some links that I want to share based off of the 8004 community call that happened this morning, where there are a couple of projects that have open sourced their kind of agent dashboard, and we can just maybe use one of those.  And so I want to have a conversation between us, but then kind of allow others to join in afterwards so that we don't have to repeat ourselves.

1:28 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  I think, like, the closest thing that we have to it is really just our chat with Intuition at the moment, so.

1:36 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So which channel is that private mother node integration, or?

1:42 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Yeah, we should definitely move it to Slack, because I think the conversation about the pitch deck hasn't been happening anywhere, I don't think.

1:49 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  It's private registry Intuition project. All right, I'm going to put it there.

1:58 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  put my notes from the community call. Thank All And what to check out and what to look into. So we don't have to start from scratch.  We can probably start with like a 60, 70% head start. Okay, yeah, that'd be perfect.

2:10 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Yeah, that's pretty much it for me.

2:17 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Cool. James, any updates?

2:21 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Yeah, I'm going to be deploying the mother agent in the mother discord. I'm just a little slow right now.  There's some tidying up that I need to do, which is dependent on some of the work that I'm doing with intuition to post straight into intuition, so that we're using intuition as the registry now.  And so I'll have that delivered by the end of the week. But there's some like last minute stuff that intuition wants me to do for them that is more time sensitive because they've pushed their TGE to like November 5th or November 7th or something like that.  That's it. That's That's That's Any Do any But... That they want to be able to post like today on intuition.  So I'm going to get that mother quiz agent in the mother discord by the end of this week is my goal, but I'm a little bit slow.  So definitely by Monday at the latest. So that's my update.

3:23 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  And then on the marketing side, we are just trucking along. We had Dawn on today, I'm the call went great, couldn't tune in, but, and I'm doing recap videos and just keeping the content coming out and getting some more 804 builders lined up.  So steady as she goes there. Yeah.

3:45 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Dawn really is looking on the Nevermind side and his participation with mother to really get access to agents, devs.  Devs. So that that's what he expressed in his call. right. Okay, cool. Because I co-hosted the event.

4:04 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Okay, got it. Oh, yeah, of course. Yeah, that's right. I'm sure it was a great call. Yeah.

4:10 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Hey, James, how often is that 8004 community call and where is that hosted? Is it like open? Yeah, it's a Luma invite.

4:23 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Let me check my calendar. 8004. Let me see. I think if I give you this link. Oh, let me DM it to you, too, so you don't leave it.

4:51 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Sweet. Thank you. Yeah, it'd be cool to listen into that. Have it on in the background, at least.

5:08 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  So you can sign up for the different community calls there.

5:18 - Alex Sotiropoulos
  Awesome. Well, all right. If no one has anything else. think that's a quick meeting. Yeah.

5:25 - Jonathan Miller (miller.d.jonathan@gmail.com)
  Keep us posted on how the deck is going. And we got a designer team teed up, so hope you have that ready.  Let's go. Yep. Sounds good.

5:34 - James Young (Collab🤝Land)
  Awesome. Excellent. Okay, sweet. Thanks, guys. See you guys. Ciao, everyone.
